fast food is convenient, but it can be salty. these are the worst fast-food meals for sodium:
🚨 hot take 🚨 lavar ball is a genius
16 ice cream cocktails you need in your life
burger king makes a whopper of a mess with google home ad
a man has unearthed his father's never-before-seen footage of #jfk:
rt @bbclondonnews: a man denies killing a teenage cyclist who was stabbed as he rode alongside friends
this 'hidden figures' cosplay is the cutest
i tried five different period subscription boxes to see if they were worth it
new on @medium: why every generation feels entitled
it's about time you found some new iced tea recipes 🍹 e c
amazon just created its own version of skype — here's how it works
2016’s box office winners and losers
we discuss the best albums of 2016 on the new #musthearmusic podcast
rt @communitytv: watch season 6 for $0.00, only on @yahooscreen:
restaurant offers unique cellphone discount
president obama’s 3 tips on how to get politically active
a look at some of the most compelling sports stories of 2016
inside north korea: fascinating images of the world's most secretive state
the most experienced coach at the super bowl won’t be worrying about his team’s passing game
kentucky teacher gets prison time for sex with underage student
4 simple ways women can help women succeed in business:
nigeria's starving children who fled boko haram
"wow, i was about to reveal something from season 7 and thought, ‘what am i doing?’,” he was quoted as saying. #got
the best place to live in the uk has been revealed
holiday cookie bakers, here’s your secret weapon: 1 dough, 5 fabulous results
it's still hard to believe they did it.@billbarnwell tries to explain:
people have giant cats living in their houses and oh my goodness
morning briefing: here's what you need to know to start your day. via @nytnow
at least for now, the short bursts of radio waves don’t appear to be communications from an alien civilization
these are the most powerful passports in the world
fans have a pretty convincing theory about who'll die on tonight's #twdfinale:
5 things investors should look out for before investing in marijuana stocks
this is how monetary policy works in the islamic state
here's what pilots look out for when they're passengers
reading american cities: books about honolulu which are your favourites?
unequal future?
the uk's own harry reid:
is this mysterious rumbling coming from metro? listen for yourself
so much for stiff upper lips: britons grouse about yet another election
what the freedom caucus wants in the gop health-care bill, and why it’s not getting it
the fun workout for people who hate the gym
eight reasons why kissing is so good for your health - from burning calories to slowing aging
#icymi: does australia have more cyclones than any other country? we explain:  #cyclonedebbie
behind the 'suspicious' relabeling of ivanka's line
the trinity nuclear test just taught us something new about the moon
people who’ve had multiple marriages confess how they really feel about their divorces
this big apple move might strike fear into advertisers
this is getting good.everything you need to know about the #elite8
ooh.
white woman 'posed as black civil right leader' in years-long deception
reminder that our new president is a wwe hall-of-famer
a woman from #texas set up a simple facebook page and gave a homeless man a new lease of life #realpeoplerealstories
cavs owner dan gilbert playfully trolled andre iguodala, draymond green before #nbafinals game
was this murderous attack on a russian diplomat revenge for turkey's dirty deal with putin?
how long can facebook live broadcast horror? #premium
some people are such food snobs
18 jokes to send to your friend who loves drama
why are airlines making it harder for us to buy a cheap ticket?
anthony bourdain's 12 greatest quotes about drinking
24 underrated tourist attractions you need to see instead of the usual ones
why working-class americans are dying younger
why waking up in the night is natural
beautifying baghdad
can i become a buy-to-let landlord with a budget of £300,000?#premium
summer movie preview: what to watch if you just want to see the best of the best
the reigning nl mvp thought he was filming a workout video.the production crew had different plans for him.
how to make a british business sound 'hip' – add the word brooklyn
without fail.
21 moments in 2016 that reminded us to love our bodies more
1,500 people, 2 elevators and 500 tons of luggage -- here's how the saudi king travels
there’s a scientific way to leave work frustrations at the office
here are some much needed #reforms in indian #politics
as spicer said yesterday...
the world's biggest industrial companies can't stop talking about 'going digital'
a funny thing happened when @mims banned tablets in his house on weekdays
17 people who are happy for obama but are also internally sobbing
all the news from apple's wwdc 2015 keynote:
"death is part of working on the mountain"
uk mom says she learned on facebook that her daughter died
gulp!
in defence of @justinbieber
adpvoice: how to find the best tool for measuring your employees' productivity
these #vegetables can reduce the #risk of developing #metastasis originating from #breastcancer in women
here are some personalities &amp; their beliefs that can inspire you to become a little #healthier or #happier this year
ibmvoice: 6 things to know about mobile wallets before you use them this holiday season @ibm
big splits, memorable moments, and tragic losses: the year in pop culture
the number of patriots players who will not visit the white house is now at six
this is the first us delivery from amazon’s drone publicly caught on video
fired up by an ex-coach's remarks, will the #uswnt take it to sweden tonight? @espnw's primer:
this grandma that looks like scarlett johansson just got invited to get drunk with her
this is, shall we say, trump’s signature accomplishment of his first 100 days  —@lpolgreen
5 things for thursday: - travel ban- yahoo hack- trump budget- syria's bloody civil war - the netherlands
china is about to launch a global propaganda platform. here's what to expect
oh?
this woman was threatened with murder because she uncovered her hair in saudi arabia
this tech ceo will pay for all customer refunds in 2017 out of his own paycheck
the 17 best jobs in america that pay over $100,000
ex-undercover dea agent: what i did when drug dealers asked me to try the product
will you find this week's #quiz taxing?
rt @bbcnewsmagazine: the cronut has inspired a host of other food hybrids – what’s the latest? find out in our quiz
people confess the reasons they regret getting married
seems to be a running theme here with the social justice crowd...
27 stunning images you won't believe were found on google street view
some very serious bamboozle charges here
6 @google products and services you never even knew existed
channel 4 has revealed the latest celebrities to brave the most dangerous show on tv
22 products that prove capitalism has gone too far
7 hidden iphone tricks that only power users know about
ruh roh.
curiously omitted from all the coverage boosting this guy's conspiracy theories...
gay couple who were technically father and son allowed to marry
this mom's maternity acroyoga is out of this world
we're in good hands.
brazilian footballer brought to tears after being racially abused by fans in serbia
grammys 2017: what to watch for
the bar apologized, but denied its employees were involved and kicked out the customer who confronted watson.
gay in putin's moscow: why the city is pinker than you think
these social media badges support and empower people with mental illness  #endthestigma
‘orange is the new black’ review: slow days at litchfield, as season 3 marks time
a real estate investor shares his 3-word strategy for achieving financial independence
did john podesta violate federal financial disclosure laws, or nah?
the 13 new songs you need to hear this weekend
35 fucking infuriating things that happen in every rom-com
16 arrested over theft of $10 million of jewels from kim kardashian in paris
michael lewis: this is what terrifies me the most about trump's presidency
these economies are expected to fail over the next 3 years:
this visual test will determine if you’re an optimist or a pessimist
"don't light candles 2night, bho!"
the top beaches in the world, according to national geographic
rt @bbcr4today: new car technology 'will identify severity of potholes' - dr mike bell, @jaguar.
richard matt and david sweat, convicted murderers who escaped prison, have grisly past
the world’s most famous porn star just launched into a vitriolic anti-muslim rant
tips to be more spontaneous while clicking #candid #photographs!
19 snacks from your childhood you literally forgot about until right now
amgen's new drug prevents heart attacks and strokes, but it's still disappointing experts
fraudsters need just three details to steal your identity – and most of it can be found on facebook
the 16 best movies &amp; tv shows about high school football
but last week she said we didn't need evidence. did putin get to her?!!??
if you look closely, lady gaga’s halftime show seemed very, very political
video: great white shark attacks fishing boat
the true meaning of christmas was found in this family's magical reunion @ontheroadcbs
meryl streep has hit on star-struck trump’s big weakness
four reasons why you just can't put down your smartphone:
"halt and catch fire" episode 2: mutiny in a man's world:
watch a priest, rabbi and atheist smoke weed and talk religion
here's what to say in 10 of the most awkward moments you'll have in a new relationship
russia bath lotion kills 33 drinkers in irkutsk
another co-opted obama argument 😂
if you made a new year’s resolution, we want to help you stick with it
a sex therapist explains why you're not having fantastic sex
here's why artists like adele and pharrell could be pulled from the radio
100 of the best tweets by teens in 2016
what an engaging picture of @imvkohli and @anushkasharma!
54 facts that will change the way you watch disney movies
10 things the samsung galaxy s8 can do that the iphone can't
this couple with down syndrome threw the most magical wedding
10 things you need to know before the opening bell
dream job
video footage shows ‘policemen without uniform’ assaulting citizens  in belarus
the u.s. military is creating a robot revolution by @pogue
the remarkable ways europe is changing how people talk about gender
the non-apology of the year award goes to nobel scientist who thinks women just cry all the time
bella hadid unfollows selena gomez after the singer's spotted kissing the weeknd
get organized to get moving -- here's how to get more stuff done:
a quarterback prospect who started 13 games in college has become the key to the nfl draft
2016.
this sleep doctor is calling for later school start times
what vacation spots do you call home? see 13 "happy places" worth returning to via @cnnireport
what is the best rock/alternative song of 2016?
here comes santa claus. follow his christmas eve flight with the norad santa tracker
how an old-school chess shop survives in modern new york
here's why drake is calling 'more life' a playlist and not an album:
the $30 billion race to create an ai sex doll that 'never says no'
just when you thought you finally escaped "let it go":
creating a home, and preserving your relationship along the way
build your ideal breakfast and we'll tell you if you're more type a, b, or c
trump asked african americans what they had to lose. for this rural kentucky community, the answer is tangible.
this is how kids reacted to photos of caitlyn jenner
"if obama had decided to stab israel in the back... there was almost no way israel could respond."
how i learned to draw black people like me
green beret to tell congress that all us hostages in pakistan could have been saved: - @meekwire
&gt;assuming you have any sort of moral authority after selling out slain americans
😍😍😍🔨🔨🔨
here's how dick responded on twitter moments after his resignation
23 memes that'll get you through an existential crisis
15 fascinating facts about north korea
shocked villagers capture monstrous snake that gorged on two of their goats
democratic senator asks state department watchdog to probe mar-a-lago "promotional" material
did meek mill take back the big ass ring he gave nicki after they broke up?
whyzat?
find out how prepared you are and get tips for improving your financial footing
a genuinely believable cgi actor? it won’t be long
19 jokes about period sneezes that are fucking perfect
a growing number of analysts say the iphone 8 won't feature a curved screen after all
there's a “right way” to fall — and it can save you a lot of grief if you know how to do it
madonna's heartbreaking revelation about david bowie
don’t sleep on these guysranking the top performers from the first round of #marchmadness
will trump let his family run his empire?
google is the second most powerful brand in the world. see who’s first:
34 memes you'll only understand if cats rule everything around you
watching kit harington judge these jon snow impersonators is better than winter finally coming
13 products that'll help you start your skincare routine
nasa study reveals how much radiation really hits you when you travel by plane
"i haven't ever apologized before."
#fintech50: see our full list of the most innovative financial tech companies:
why do we #snore?@healthmeup
"they think the rules don't apply to them. and you know what? they are right, the rules don't."
why only americans are interested in the hunt for alien life  via @nbcnewsmach
"in 2016’s politics and pop culture, women came up against limits created by men"
ranked: the 18 worst new tv shows of the year so far, according to critics
this good news for irish taxpayers may be bad news for irish investors
you'll never unsee this katy perry and guy fieri mashup
the one and only thing donald trump fnds **underrated** according to his tweets
these men brutally killed a #kangaroo
teen wants to take his grandma to prom, but his high school says no
"nbc's new year's eve" host @carsondaly shares new year's resolution, how to stay warm in times square
10 horror movie questions that’ll stump even the biggest fanatics
america just sent back a syrian woman trying to visit her sick mother
sturgeon said she wants another scottish independence referendum. here we examine what she said – and what she meant
can you pass this spelling test designed for 10-year-olds?
"italy voted ‘no’ to constitutional reform. this is why, and what happens next."
who pays what? @ato_gov_au names large companies that paid zero #tax in 2014-15
man arrested after twitter message urging people to 'jo cox an mp'
with kardashian and cyrus nude editions, is paper the new playboy?
22 hilariously terrible puns that’ll make you say, "ugh stop"
dad of the year turns sons' drawings into professional pieces of art
a brief and incomplete list of the dumbest things presidential campaigns have ever spent money on
the $4,500 injection to stop heroin overdoses
this couple earns a six-figure salary by traveling the world
watch this filipino boy turn into the spitting image of nicki minaj
a tweet from scott can make all the difference in this snl music video
a man's world?
bake off finalist speaks out about programme's move to channel 4
.@boysnoize share unreleased remixes in 2016 recap video
#smartphone addiction is creating a big problem for today's #children. 😮😮😮 #shocking!!!
what d.c. activities are more fun when you’re high?
climate change is going to be very bad for the global economy
trump's links to a convicted felon who stabbed a man with a margarita glass just got weirder
the harsh reality is that modern society is hard on night owls
rt @buzzfeedfashion: what i learned after wearing minimal makeup for a week:
think we've already crossed that threshold, juan.
#shocking school van driver raped children in his car
should australians be able to opt out of #medicare? this professor thinks so
divers find leg attached to cinder block in search for missing woman
the former heroin addict who became a millionaire with a simple idea
the us-mexico barrier isn't always on true border, leaving this family on south side and slowing firefighter access
awwww.
#mitron... meet this tea-seller from #gujarat #demonetisation
transgender teen sues school over bathroom policy:
now the government has reacted to the #viral video of the #bsfjawan
#icymi: hack the vote: cyber experts say ballot machines easy targets via @foxnewspolitics
we're doomed.
naacp leader allegedly faked being a black woman for years
21 savage kourtney kardashian burns we still haven’t recovered from
see what's inside this year's #oscars gift bag—worth hundreds of thousands of dollars:
the biggest 2016 fantasy football lessons you shouldn’t forget next draft season
here's what's on trump's to-do list for the first few days
thought marriage would be good for your health? not so much.
take control of your financial future with these expert tips
do only people of a certain economic class waste food? #foodwastageban @narendramodi
vladimir putin admits 2016 was a ‘difficult year’, hopes people can become magicians and stop 2017 being so bad
30 powerful pictures that defined american history
45 joyous things that will make you instantly happy #internationaldayofhappiness
18 hilarious jokes that’ll make you say “damn, that’s clever”
19 photographs that prove alaska is the most beautiful place in america
these insane vans for ceos redefine the meaning of working on the go @business
president trump talks of achieving a greater world peace. do his plans make it possible?
strategery.
women scientists are tweeting "sexy” photos of themselves at work to shut down sexism
health and wealth
arkansas is racing to execute 8 men, but a new hurdle may derail the plan
this poster of people the world has lost in 2016 is just heartbreaking
review: ‘amélie’ is easy to listen to, but never really sings
28 adorable pjs that will get you pumped for christmas
a fun workout for people who hate the gym
the lucky locations that can expect a white christmas this year
of course @snoopdogg tried tweeting his way to @dickc's old job #snoopforceo
25 best jobs that pay more than $100k
the secret life of intelligence agents: what do spies actually do?
amazon has an idea for a flying airship warehouse, but there's a catch
politics live - readers' edition - tuesday 11 april
cambodian breast milk
an anti-trump movement is calling for the boycott of these 36 dapl-linked banks
records have emerged that show just how closely tied donald trump remains to the empire he built
the uncomfortable question for trump critics
if you’re behind on retirement savings, here’s how to catch up
this tortoise holds the secret to passing biology class.
creepy shipment of snakes, spiders and scorpions is not the kind of mail you want to open
eight ways president donald trump will make history
work advice: what to do when a supervisor’s body odor makes meetings impossible
tag someone who would do this ⬇️space scientists will pay men to stay in bed for 60 days
rt @femail: miley cyrus told her mom tish she is bisexual when she was just 14-years-old
are you ready for a gifted hud?
the world's 18 greatest cities for food
spain's search for a sex tsar, paid sex breaks in sweden and is exercise sabotaging your sex drive?
the beauty blunders that are making you appear ten years older
people reveal the exact moment they knew they'd met the one
nba player manages to make $500,000 by refusing to shoot during team's final 4 games.
pilot able to walk away after his plane crashed on a maine highway.
9 especially gut-wrenching moments from "game of thrones." spoilers ahead:
ed sheeran has broken his social media silence and omg is 2016 saved?
oh my.
5 last-minute gift ideas for music loving sneakerheads
wish more arts interviews ended with “the rest of the info is right there, chief, i got nothing else to say to you.”
you probably missed this one detail in the 'game of thrones' trailer
don’t call donald trump a liar
#parliament could limit your #wedding expenses to ₹5 lakh, dishes served at ceremony
you big babies! giant sumo wrestlers wince as they receive a flu jab
rt @telefootball: player ratings: here's how the england team fared against slovenia...
nhl star recalls double life under fugitive dad
we fact-checked 7 seasons of 'shark tank' deals. here's what really happened:
k.
new normal. #endfgm
sick of excessive traveling for work? perhaps you have a case in court
before jumping to her death from a company dorm, she told friends on twitter of enduring harassment on the job
video: cleveland weatherman shows how upset he was w/ lebron james’ no-call foul on broadcast
act of love.
10 ways to beat holiday stress with fitness and nutrition
ronaldo's hat trick was nice, but did he do it all in the final 4 minutes? poland's robert lewandowski did. watch:
he was deboarded and #detained by #cisf and #police for #questioning for another three hours. #whatwereyouthinking
is #australia on the brink of becoming a completely #cashless society? 🤔 #cashlesseconomy
17 times pizza was disrespected in the worst possible ways
14 strangely satisfying videos of melting cheese
denzel washington on fake news and information overload
5 successful people who don't read books
trevor noah has an ingenious theory about trump's hair
15 surprising facts about tesla cars you probably didn't know
kate hudson and jennifer law have crush on same older actor
this is what made us fall in #love with @imvkohli 😍
russell westbrook, who is averaging a triple-double, reportedly won't start in the all-star game. here's who'll be:
inventory of prince's estate lists cash, property and gold bars
analysis: why voting rights advocates are worried about a trump voter fraud probe
hey.what?...kickin' butt.
retirement savers -- your broker's approach to the fiduciary rule:
shopping for a mac laptop has never been harder. here's a guide to help:
5 winning work strategies to borrow from millennials  via @nbcnewsbetter
rt @dailymailau: most bizarre taxpayer funded sex education show ever? creepy giant puppets re-enact birth http://t
the one question that will let you instantly read someone's personality
weekly quiz
morning briefing: here's what you need to know to start your day
when listening to music through headphones, how loud is too loud for kids?
how to profit from trump inflation:
'i lost all my fingers': asylum seekers make dangerous border crossing
lotsa weird fan fic out there
this year's irs audits are bad news for the rich
here's what people really thought about that trump press conference
desperation.
5 nba trades we want to see before the deadline
blame game
22 memes you’ll only understand if it’s your last semester of college
22 hilarious memes about netflix’s “the oa”
this photo of edward snowden with a bucket of chicken has caused a lot of controversy
skier accidentally flies off a 152-foot cliff, but walks away without injury
how long before the dow jones industrial average reaches 21,000?
a three-day wedding celebration? do learn some restraint, says country life
trashy tv can reveal the ugly truths about domestic violence
so chris rock, amy schumer and dave chappelle walk into a club
smart people prefer to be alone!
watch: man uses catlike reflexes to catch falling toddler
how the ivanka trump brand fell so hard, so fast
#bata sues @akshaykumar's #jollyllb2!
from opinion: ignore the snobs. drink the cheap, delicious wine.
faulty appliances cause 12,000 fires in uk in three years, which? research finds
twitter's latest feature could mean the end for trolls
argentina tried a trump-like tariff -- and it went horribly wrong
17 celebs who got real about mental health in 2016
who can stop executive orders?
the big o is rooting for westbrook, but he has some other takes ➡️
here's what nostradamus predicted about 2017
man with rifle arrested at dc restaurant targeted by 'pizzagate' fake news conspiracy theorists
gruesome isis video shows turkish soldiers burned alive
hundreds may have been exposed to extreme form of tb, @maggiemfox reports
rt @bbcbreakfast: do you have problems with your broadband speed? it should be easier to leave your contract now htt
you’re not busy, you’re just rude
here's how the auto industry won 2016
soon.
a coffee date with ivanka trump costs a staggering amount
what a concept.
7 infamous deleted scenes that cost movie studios millions
bird flu detected at chicken breeding facility in tennessee, agriculture officials say.
washington capitals' ‘social night’ turns into epic fail after a bad (but hilarious) tweet.
the sisters act owning the world of fashion and vying for the top title
"we got a call last weekend telling us that they'd find us under whatever rock we were hiding"
the camera as time machine
eat these foods for better sleep
who did you just work for, again?
these hackathon hustlers make their living from corporate coding contests
students find key error on sats given across u.s.
top #entertainment news from the day that was
7 facts that’ll make you a more interesting person to talk to this weekend
generation x, y and baby boomers: why every generation feels entitled #opinion
helen mirren’s instagram is the most delightful thing you’ll see today
.@msdhoni may not have been responding to the taunts by @hvgoenka, but his wife #sakshi is in no mood to keep silent
the secret to a happy marriage? two master bedrooms
act of (paid) love
never underestimate the brain of a fly
these are the top 50 ceos as ranked by their workers
why disrupting health care can be tricky
when she was arrested, she had just gotten her period. after about 90 minutes, they gave her gauze with no adhesive.
this is what abortion cultists actually believe
here come initial jobless claims...
maybe there is something to the mediterranean diet after all?
do you think these rom-com couples stayed together after the movie ended?
slovenia is honoring its beloved melania trump with her own wine
will we be able to cryogenically freeze organs one day?
rt @earlystart: apple has unveiled its new streaming service. what do you think of its new features?
scott walker has been telling this teacher's story for years, and she wants him to stop
after-care proves to be a challenge for an 8-year-old on meds
25 jobs where you can earn more than $100,000 a year
the hilarious reason daniel radcliffe was cast as harry potter
uber driver saves 16-year-old girl from sex trafficking
it's been quite a week of political news. have a go at our weekly news quiz
dog bites, dog tails and dog curfews are just a few of the bills being considered in albany
what's your favorite christmas album? vote!
欢迎来到义乌：中国的多元文化试验田  #otherchina
the new course getting more #women into australian #politics  #auspol
5 things women hide from their husbands.
reversal or refinement? seeking meaning to @potus' new iraq path
wait... are quavo &amp; karrueche dating? 🤔
can you beat this infuriating a to z geography quiz?
what to know about the president's "designated survivor"
a detained iraqi refugee just delivered a stunning lesson on america's values to donald trump
#icymi: why was south australia's power shut off during the heatwave?
"it's hard to talk right now."jason day eventually found the words, and did what he had to do.
your guide to making the very best gin and tonics
britney spears fan pranks southwest airlines &amp; receives the perfect response
act of (brotherly) love.
geek state.
restaurant won't apologize for tasteless caitlyn jenner joke on their menus
how “colossal” tore nice-guy syndrome to shreds
fact check: don't use such hurtful words around the child!
17 things you can't get away with if you're not an only child
ancient chinese tomb-sweeping festival goes hi-tech
hugh jackman makes his final stand as #logan. here's what to expect:
5 lightning headphones to stuff in the stockings of iphone 7 owners
no effect of #demonetisation here
#icymi: what if your anxiety could be useful?
'facebook killer' found dead in vehicle
presidential pricing: what will happen to the value of the 262 apartments in trump tower?
parents have been ordered to destroy a toy doll that may be spying on their children
why confusing food labels could soon be a thing of the past
7 little ways you can love your body more in 2017
will's story: where opioid abuse and the dark web intersect
the world's fastest motorcycle has been given a modern-day makeover
this is the safest place for you to sit in a plane
the most expensive homes you can buy in 28 countries
#icymi: top #entertainment stories from the day that was
the straight white man’s guide to the 21st century
these are the 7 daily behaviors of conscientious people:
are you middle class enough to deserve a health care tax break?
#hacks to protect hair and skin during #holi!
23 infamous mugshots from history
how one entrepreneur makes time to stay healthy
yes, really: '1984' is now sold out on amazon
here are some answers about how president trump's mexico wall plan might work
want to be neighbors with the obamas, ivanka trump and jeff bezos? here’s what it will cost you.
white women have launched the worst anti-trump t-shirt yet
chinese man is as tough as nails, literally
some tips on how to handle weather delays like a pro during the christmas getaway
evidence for one of the most bizarre theories about trump is mounting
why, god??? 😭😠🔌🛀
could you pass year 10 science? give our quiz a crack to see if you can still hack it as a high-school prodigy
.@itsjamiescott on the secret to writing hits for one direction, justin bieber &amp; niall horan
he gets it. nancy, why don't you?
17 extremely festive ways to get drunk
gop lawmaker suffers medical emergency near house floor
watch gorillaz debut new "humanz" album in its entirety at secret show
this is what astronauts see when they look out their window
5 times carrie fisher shared her hidden musical side
french newspaper releases the terrifying police report from kim kardashian's paris robbery.
google wants to fix tech’s diversity problem with an outpost for historically black colleges
rt @bbcwalesnews: caerphilly farmer may get payout worth hundreds of thousands after 24 year wait
"just because your kids are headed off to college, it doesn’t mean they’ll graduate"
matthew dellavedova killed it at nba finals, so the internet responded accordingly
an ancient civilisation in the americas passed on power only to those born from elite women, new dna evidence shows
why are liberals now cheerleading a warmongering trump? | owen jones
six movie-obsessed brothers trapped in a nyc apartment break out--and into the spotlight.
here's the difference between a psychopath and a sociopath
what happens if you don't file your tax return?  via @yahoofinance
how presidents use their portraits to shape their legacy  via @posteverything
why the pay gap widens as women get older:
shocking dash cam footage captures moment driving instructor almost causes a head-on collision
coming this fall
former miss usa charged in boyfriend assault
"he was killed during this unfortunate incident..., but he was not murdered according to the law."
metal fetus proves that rock 'n' roll isn't dead
here are 18 facts we didn’t know at the start of february
watch out, isis
29 of the most powerful pieces of writing by women in 2016
look closely and you might be able to see what's escaping from this avalanche
florida hockey player closes in on record
you have to see these two babies dancing to beyoncé’s “7/11”
#theapprentice final: who has the goods to become lord sugar's business partner?
people like smoking weed and drinking too, who knew?
10 successful people on the toughest sacrifices they made to reach their goals — via @medium
can work/life balance be a reality? this company makes it possible:
what we know so far about the suspected fort lauderdale shooter, esteban santiago-ruiz:
tourists detained in malaysia for getting naked on sacred mountain:
video: @iamguillermo returns to the #nbafinals, gets stonewalled by lebron james again
long overdue.
once a useful idiot, always a useful idiot.
6 items that totally overreact to being microwaved
the right way to say 15 brand names you're mispronouncing all the time
couldn't hurt...
a guy hilariously roasted his mom for lying on facebook and people are screaming
the 3 plays in sports everybody will be talking about today
‘what should be pristine white is littered with blue’ – timo lieber’s arctic photography
one year too late!
nobody believed he got run over by a deer on april fools' day — until now
this theory explains santa perfectly using “harry potter”
why russia's claims over the syria chemical attack 'don't add up'
your money: taking on student debt, and refusing to pay
the safest way to walk on ice is to impersonate a penguin — here's why
14 reasons people who fasten their bras in the front are doing it right
the top 10 international companies for remote jobs in 2017
this former google vp is starting a company promising clean and safe nuclear energy
rt @yahoosports: here's how lebron james recovers after every #nbafinals game:
"you heard it before, special things happen to special people. that was a special moment."
watch the full pre-credits 'deadpool 2' teaser, courtesy ryan reynolds.
pretty bonkers.
see the most captivating animal photos of 2016:
you want the 68 teams in the bracket? we have them (for now…)
here's how the internet really felt about chris brown's appearance on 'black-ish'
19 hilarious tweets about coachella that will make you actually lol
judges may stop theresa may's brexit tomorrow
tebow is a 29-year-old single-a player, but he made magic happen
the beauty trends you’re going to see everywhere this fall  via @yahoobeauty
how the obamas leveraged fame to advance a political agenda
brexit is the greatest fraud ever perpetrated in british politics
well, gosh, i guess we just need, like... an executive to sign it?
this billionaire has a high-end hobby: building and selling luxury yachts
i quit sugar for 30 days and this is what happened
the facts about social security, medicare may surprise you
how one entrepreneur came up with a million dollar water idea
why investors may start driving harder bargains when u.k. companies consider refinancing
8 men own more than half the world's wealth
here are the 66 golden rules for snapping the perfect selfie
ain't it great we endorsed the castro regime!
see how @stanford overtook @harvard as the most selective college in the us, in one chart
how a humble serving of beans on toast can tackle the pain of gout
katy perry hilariously trolls orlando bloom's instagram with jen aniston joke
you can take the biggest step toward building wealth in 10 minutes at your computer
33 of the cutest accessories you’ve ever seen
in his spring training debut, tim tebow either made a rookie mistake or found a unique way to gain an edge:
girls just wanna...
rt @bbcsport: big air is coming to the 2018 winter olympics, along with three other events.find out more http://t.
ughhhhh april fool's day is the worst on the internet but okay, fine, one company did a great job this year
kate hudson's brother posts hilarious response to brad pitt rumours
the fox news host sean hannity has been very upset with ted koppel this week
only a truly kinky person can get 8 or more correct on this quiz
after the us, far right says 2017 will be the year europe wakes up
only a true millennial can pass this spelling test
what you should talk about on a first date, according to research
this consciously uncoupled thing is really working out for @gwynethpaltrow and chris martin:
this is what happens when donald trump attacks a private citizen on twitter
the bedtimes of the rich and famous may surprise you
"when vladimir putin was told ‘cut it out,’ i’m sure that [he] immediately stopped all cyber activity."
the fcc’s new net neutrality rules are in effect. here's what you need to know
man decapitates vegetable seller for 'charging too much for pumpkins' in india
who will be #mufflerman #arvindkejriwal's next victim?
facebook's new feature has absolutely no chill
how the next stars of sumo wrestling are preparing for greatness in mongolia
why are so many celebrities dying in 2016?
what will happen to the naked tourists of malaysia?
new hampshire family plans bucket list for 9-year-old with terminal brain tumor
how george michael’s wham! baffled communist china and inspired its youth
your new £1 could be worth a small fortune online
how your name affects your looks
literally just 19 photos of dev patel and sunny pawar being adorable
24 mind-blowing facts about warren buffett and his $70 billion fortune
this tweet alarmed non-proliferation experts who said doing this would fuel global tensions.@realdonaldtrump
greatest comeback of all time?this church must be filled with patriots fans 👀
aliens, psychic powers and invisible ink: 9 incredible things we learnt from the cia's declassified documents
switch to #brownrice, it has the same effect as a 30-minute brisk walk!
24 beautifully stunning models who aren’t kendall jenner
15 signs you are, without a doubt, a target mom
rt @mandiwoodruff: pay off student debt or save for retirement? i've got your answer in this week's #moneyminute: ht
#icymi: how a young man's suicide is transforming a rural community  (pic: pauline carrigan)
#icymi: pill-popping, post-it notes and hot dogs: how americans are coping post-election. #trump
if you ask chelsea handler, the kardashians are responsible for trump's election
the clean person's guide to clearing up your disgustingly messy desk
16 signs you've 'made it' in america
dutch ivf centre probes suspected sperm mix-up
13 faces every tech ceo who goes to a meeting with donald trump will immediately recognize
here's what to expect from sony, microsoft, and nintendo at the biggest video game event of the year #e32015
the complete beginner's guide to big data in 2017
the internet slams steve king's straight-up racist tweet
delightful.
go inside australia’s dinosaur laboratory
microbeads suck. use these body scrubs instead
28 times celebrities asked hilarious questions on twitter
you can poke a hole in this jacket and it’ll repair itself
inside @tmagazine's beauty issue
22 mindblowing books for anyone who’s slightly obsessed with true crime
trump was caught practicing his speech, so the internet made jokes
this tweet about wendy's chicken nuggets could become the most retweeted tweet ever
monkey business
the end of the age of rock ’n’ roll is just beginning
keys to a successful retirement plan:-debt management-budgeting-investments
'you don't belong here' - solicitor caught on film launching racist attack on woman and her young son
rt @thefix: you haven't played our 2016 "guess who" game? what the hell are you waiting for?
here's how to avoid information overload
do you work a four-day week? we're keen to hear your experiences — get in touch with us by replying to this tweet!
do you think this is fair?#banonheadscarves #eu
there's a snake hiding in this photo and we're never going outside again
#icymi: why are women really choosing to take their husband's surname when they marry?  opinion by @catherinedeveny
this ad for a 2002 oldsmobile is brutally honest and hilarious
16 cheat sheets for wine lovers who know nothing about wine
17 cake designs that are just absolutely stunning
american pharoah vs. secretariat: who would win? watch the video match-up here:
here's why it's a matter of concern for security agencies
marijuana eases pain, but jury's out on other health benefits say scientists
who is ann donnelly, the federal judge who blocked part of president trump’s executive order on immigration?
'bambi' rescued from frozen lake
the ugly truth about weight loss
open invitation.
chuck berry: his life in photos
ibmvoice: 3 signs it's time to evolve start-up thinking to support growth @ibm
the tragic life of the 'princess with the sad eyes' revealed
does laura dern handle a lightsaber in the new #starwars film? find out:
why trump's key cabinet pick may have to wait
are these the worst diy fails ever?
twitter users discover that they can 'trap' their cats inside squares on the floor
fascinating examples of how baby animals survive by eating each other, or their mother
10 music legends who have never won album of the year at the grammys
what the first nuclear test ever conducted can teach us about how the moon formed:
don't panic: 7 things to do after getting fired
cat survives months-long migrant crossing to italy
‘paedophile hunters’ scrap facebook live stings after police warning
"oh, you’re a teacher, you paint all day?" not even close, one teacher says
to understand nick saban, you must first understand his piano.
second-graders line up to get yearbooks signed by their favorite janitor
do you want the good #news or the bad news? 😃 😥 ... what's in store for #2017?
ups tweeted -- then deleted -- a bizarre mlk jr. day message
16 men who dominated makeup in 2016
27 stunning photos of the worlds most beautiful places
nissan recalls more than 56,000 vehicles over power steering concerns.
the best and worst u.s. cities for retirement
arnold schwarzenegger threw major shade at nickelback, and they hit back
23 adult jokes in nickelodeon cartoons that went way, way over your head
#shaktimaan will be back soon! :d
11 things you probably didn’t know the national endowment for the arts helped create
these states give you the best return for your tax dollars
what animals do when they don't know we're watching
the week's happy news
these are the worst pieces of pregnancy advice mothers have been given
ryan reynolds thinks new wolverine film logan is going to change film in one big way
the raiders, patriots and seahawks could each clinch a playoff berth in week 14. here's how:
the cubs’ theo epstein had a home run response to getting named the ‘world’s greatest leader’
#thevoice crowns season 11 winner
‘sesame street’ and its surprisingly powerful effects on how children learn
9 leadership lessons you can learn from ‘hidden figures’:
you, an intellectual: surely this will stump the trump!me, a simpleton:
bug that plagues soldiers is enemy no. 1 on who's superbug list
who taught gov. huckabee to tweet and when will it stop?
zhou yongkang trial exposes chinese officials' links with mystic
akzo nobel is running out of reasons to snub ppg -- heard on the street
here are the best and worst 2017 april fools' day pranks so far.
bookends: how would ‘ulysses’ be received today?
this town's entire police force has quit
the top 10 best selling comic books of all time
you truly are 100% emo if you can finish these lyrics
there are... some better ideas than this.
not good.
pretend to order from in-n-out and we’ll reveal who you once were
5 times @madonna was a badass &amp; said exactly what she was thinking
neat!
celebrity weddings of 2016
21 nihilistic memes that will make you question everything
a navy seal explains why you should end a shower with cold water
optimism among ceos in u.s. jumps by the most since 2009
here are 25 things you still don't know about barack obama:
what it was like on the streets of boston after the patriots won the super bowl  #daily360
&gt;fight terrorism&gt;compassionpick one.
catch up on all the news you missed today
22 haiku that are pretty much parenting in a nutshell
people have discovered the perfect way to mess with your cat
secretive facebook division may be developing a mind-reading device
finally! joe biden's favorite viral obama-biden meme revealed
presented without comment.
scientists have apparently discovered what makes the perfect breasts
oops, wrong ship! chinese defence ministry apologises for photoshop fail
my body is ready:
new safety advice issued for combined oral contraceptives after review into pill and blood clot risk
what’s wrong with this photo of melania trump and queen rania?
these are the winners of china's newfound wealth
get fancy with these 5 cognacs
suicide.
hoo boy.
8 ways to get your spouse to open up more, according to therapists
comical foreign signs that got very lost in translation!
what your facebook profile picture says about you
the 24 hottest honeymoon destinations right now
does putin still favor his sidekick medvedev?
borderline behaviour
kind of a john madden observation tbh
"milo inc."
here’s what the "dumb deal" on refugees with australia actually says
comcast wants be your new cellphone carrier. here’s everything you need to know.
everything we learned from our 'spider-man: homecoming' set visit
a desi version of #fiftyshadesofgrey! 😱@thevikrambhatt
...said in their resignation letters that council members asked them to do “illegal, unethical, and immoral things”
this woman saved a man’s life on their first date
obama's economic recovery has ended. here's how he did  via @yahoofinance
unconventional financial terms woo investors but deepen worries about startup valuation
how to know if your account has been hacked, and what to do next
mystery man donates wedding dress with touching note about late wife.
23 mexican breakfast that'll make every morning a freakin' fiesta!
new blood test can identify types of multiple sclerosis and how well treatments/medications are working  #health
check out our quick gift ideas for all your techie friends and fam:
we spend 47% of our waking moments thinking about something other than what we're doing
why democrats aren't worried about the 'nuclear option'
fighting trump? your best weapon is the one you least expect.
7 foods to moisturize your skin from the inside out
twenty years on, where is the legacy of tiger woods’ defining masters triumph?  via @guardian_sport
these zodiac signs are most common among world leaders
we sent a film crew to the philippines, where death, grief and fear fill the streets
amber tamblyn sums up the messiness of breastfeeding in one photo
how well do you actually know the us states?
footage shows doctors removing 7cm mushrooms from a woman's stomach - because she didn't chew them properly
misogyny, it seems, remains a bipartisan exercise
5 financial new year’s resolutions for people under 30
7 failed disney storylines you have to read to believe
foolproof foundations: how to stay on the right side of the irs
dutch election explained in tulips
29 amazing mcdonald’s facts that’ll totally surprise you
mitt romney gives a brutal powerpoint critique of obama’s foreign policy
well, that's not cool.
guess who? these throwback photos of politicians will make you do a double-take
what sneakers can tell you about how financial markets work
not extinct: 'jurassic pork' report flags projects that survived earmark ban.
here are the 10 best video games of 2016
every year they try this line.
another sweden incident.
the #science behind the attraction
14 tumblr posts that’ll make you say “i’m glad i read all of that”
the 20 best tech jobs in america right now
you shouldn't necessarily change your investments under president trump:
encounters: siblings who share a sense of humor, not just genes
here’s how much you should be tipping your hairdresser
aarhus, denmark: what to see, plus the best restaurants, bars and hotels
samira wiley’s opinion on 21 random things
what a #shocking transformation! #bollywood
the 'saved by the bell' diner is coming to a city near you
internet is going wild over college student’s crazy haircut  via @yahoobeauty
good q
captivating slow motion footage shows moment lightning strikes a beach
"i see a lazy kid that makes four plays a game."
21 secrets mail carriers wish they could tell you
"griping about the popular vote? get over it."  via @postopinions
24 tweets that will speak to your petty soul
the hot $1 accessory on #goldenglobes red carpet  via @yahoostyle
this heart-warming photo perfectly captures a non-verbal boy’s special bond with deaf dog
all of andy’s friends from "toy story" share his face and it’s terrifying
kentucky is going to ban having sex with your cat
the riddle of a blue and black dress which went viral may be solved
does dark matter exist, or is gravity wrong? the answer lies billions of years in the past
have something you wish you could text your ex? add it to this viral list.
j.k. rowling approves of this person's twitter troll-crushing technique
rt @upshotnyt: so is jeb bush running? there might be a simple (no lawyers) way to figure out this (obvious) question.
can you name all of these dog breeds?
donald trump got behind the wheel of a truck and everyone is making the same joke
how trump's new immigration order differs from the january order:
what's in a name?
24 hilarious products that just might make you pee your pants
runways on cliff edges and snow covered peaks: the world's most terrifying places to land
try to make it through this video of one snake eating another
18 memes only super sensitive people will relate to
rt @dailymail: the guy who fell asleep on the job but still managed to get a lot done
thank u 4 ur opinion mr. lemon
the group spent the last month marching on campus, holding sit-ins, &amp; protesting at the university president's home.
justin timberlake reveals why he quit nsync
why more than 250,000 people have been forced to change their gp
the truth about 'three men and a baby' ghost
everything you need to know about the executive order on sanctuary cities:
these beer gardens are the best places to finally welcome spring
your hair dye is killing you, according to this advocacy group  via @yahoobeauty
eu lawmaker says news publishers’ rights proposal should be dropped
think it might be time for a career change? here are the signs:
mom blasted for encouraging toddler to pole dance in viral video
tim cook shares what he believes is the key ingredient to apple's success:
who’s no. 1? b/r's top 30 shooting guards at the halfway point.rankings:
kristen stewart speaks about president trump's 2012 remarks about her breakup on twitter
are you actually grosser than most people?
kristen bell explains to cbs news why her daughters don't watch "frozen"
this is how 23 countries feel about transgender rights
"how i regularly book round-trip international flights for less than $400"
mobile technology takes fight against hiv in lesotho to the people
"the american people spoke clearly in this election. i believe they agreed with my basic view."
this batman-themed family photo shoot will make every superhero fan want to have a baby
“everybody’s calling their agent. nobody is safe.”
rt @karinbrulliard: it's not north korea, and it's not saudi arabia. this is the brutal dictatorship the world keeps ignoring
it's april fools' day. read one of these funny books.
why conservatives gave up fighting gay marriage
"one of the most scary things i’ve ever seen": hero who saved skier on lift considers fate
captain @imvkohli made @ecb_cricket pay
why the new year starts on jan. 1, a terrible time for renewal
here’s why dozens of celebrities are making the ‘w’ sign
unsurprisingly, celebrities were not impressed with donald trump's press conference
a new vaccine for a disease that kills about 600 children a day could protect millions of children
there's a new, bizarre way for caffeine addicts to have their coffee
this refugee created smart jewelry that aims to protect women from assault
parody movie trailer presents 2016 as a horror film
rt @cnnmoney: turns out @sesamestreet really does help your kid do better in school: @byheatherlong
this 509-year-old map contains the first known use of the word 'america' — but not where you may think
home prices are rising, but home inventory keeps falling. what that means for home buyers:
demi moore lands hot role on hit tv show
touch of faith
facepalms of the week: legs-it, russian dressing and bill o'reilly
mediator: will the real democracy lovers please stand up?
oh goodie.
these heartbreaking images reveal the dreams of refugees
"my child is not required to share with yours":
the 5 worst #superbowl halftime performers ever  via @yahoomusic
now play nice.
here's why @netflix released 'orange is the new black' season 3 early #oitnb
this ebay billionaire-backed startup is trying to unravel routes of informal transport
this county flipped from obama to trump. but how do its voters feel now? #trump100days
who ya got?
how will australia respond to trump's public criticism of refugee deal?
ruh roh
rt @charliewwells: what stephen curry’s free throws can teach investors
confessions of a disappointing dad - the five things i regret the most
the brutal dictatorship the world keeps ignoring
'drugs fix room is like my second home'
it is not impossible to teach employees to have great attitude. how to do it:
rt @coopnytimes: i spoke with the violinist from the leipzig quartet accused of attacking a guest at his hotel while nude:
nice try, #microsoft!
rbc wealthvoice: the million-dollar guide to estate planning
her daughter was #kidnapped from #amsterdam (european union) and #smuggled to #mumbai
3 things every man should avoid wearing this winter
scarily accurate. sad!
19 fucking infuriating things about women's clothing
50 hospitals charge uninsured more than 10 times cost of care, study finds
first comes tinder. then comes marriage?
the best baubles for your christmas tree
rihanna keeps sharing these photos of the queen photoshopped and nobody knows what to think
how conniving carmakers caused the diesel air pollution crisis
yeah, that'll work.
10 incredible photos of defiance from history
now this is how you ｌｉｔｅｒａｌｌｙ  ｈｉｔｌｅｒ
30 delicious things you never knew you could make with a crock pot
the curious case of the billion-dollar lithium mine that sold on the cheap
this homeless guy went viral after getting a makeover and then his whole life changed
mona lisa's reply to @karanjohar making fun of her marriage @biggboss @beingsalmankhan
these patients were saved. that’s why their families are suing.
rt @bbcos: apple's just revealed its new music streaming service. will you be using it? #wwdc15
these will be the 32 most powerful economies in the world by 2050
the 6 most memorable grammy moments
ooooooooooooohhhh
how the $27 billion in federal funding for sanctuary cities is distributed:
drone footage shows apple's new campus at night
we bipartisan naow
kashmir violence: online videos 'show abuse'
#truck blown over by powerful gust of wind in us
high street shops including are secretly tracking the movements of their customers using their smartphones
.@poojab1972 @nucleya @atulkasbekar came together to create this funky music video!
10 new year's resolutions for your wallet
24 things to consider before taking adderall
one in three victims of domestic abuse are now men
more than 1.8 million teens are reading books by text messages thanks to this start-up
guys, check out the sheer size of this leatherback sea turtle
he was pretending to #hang when things went wrong, leading to his #death
pornhub is giving us all a reason to dress up like a panda and have sex.
chinah share video for 'even love' - premiere
our articles on the terror attacks the white house says weren’t covered
future provides lively performance of "incredible" on "ellen"
volcano expert falls in a volcano... and survives!
here’s how tv providers are reaching the cell phone-obsessed
"dislikes gentrification in theory; loves artisanal donuts in practice." are you a yuccie?
captain cool
jennifer lawrence steps out in short shorts for apartment hunting in nyc
who didn't see this coming?
thanks a lot, 2017.
we visited ralph lauren's flagship store and saw why the brand is struggling
14 dishes you need to try before you can call yourself a d.c. foodie
how china may have cost clinton the election
#sonunigam tweeted a controversial opinion about #azaan and #muslims which left everyone #furious! 😮😮😮#trending
sick
the most expensive death on "game of thrones" will probably surprise you
here are the best titles coming to netflix in april
rumsfeld says story mischaracterized his views on iraq. what did he really say — or mean?
someone made a trump-putin facebook friend anniversary video
what you can learn from filing your own taxes for the first time  via @yahoofinance
the nighttime routine that’ll make you more productive tomorrow  via @nbcnewsbetter
here’s the price each major oil producing country needs to balance its 2016 budget
rt @colleenmnelson: obama raises the specter of new sanctions against russia and signals plans to speed up the training of iraqi forces. ht
china sentences "hedge fund brother no.1" to 5 and a half years in prison
pretty good own.
sheriff’s report provides new details on tamir rice’s death, but leaves questions
how 'jurassic world' created a terrifying new dinosaur
teen nearly blinded by hair dye  via @yahoobeauty
these #forbesu30asia honorees are making the personal scaleable
how compassionate!
here's what to do now to end the year on a positive note
change your definitions about networking: building community is much better for your career
25 amazingly cool gadget gifts you may want to keep for yourself
9 cult skincare products that really and truly work
u.s. soccer should start answering tough questions about hope solo, @eric_adelson writes.
drunk pilot faces prison sentence after pleading guilty
this county voted democrat for 144 years. but in 2016, donald trump broke that streak
7 pro tips to help you learn how to cook in 2017
hillary clinton’s hard choice: her first instagram post
what happens if you don't file your tax return?
bubble.
what do warren buffett, george soros, and a computer have in common? turns out... a lot
the worst state in america for animal safety
academy awards: best picture nominees in 30 seconds
rt @wsjlive: what's next for triple crown winner american pharoah?
an alcohol-fueled obscenity and racial slur-laced tirade have cost a miami senator his job:
so, what is a tomahawk land attack missile?
doj: 17-year-old virginia teen accused of using social media to recruit and raise money for isis: - @mlevinereports
dates on food labels may actually start to make some sense
rt @cnnpolitics: .@jebbush spoke to angela merkel while in germany
"it has gone too far. we are hurting other marines."
how to lose friends and galvanize otherwise neutral people
chuckie raises the knife:
rt @nytscience: 7 scientifically grounded ways to ruin jurassic world for your friends by @scifleur
steve martin on teaching you (and himself) how to be a comedian
could you live without sex?
21 gloriously perfect tweets that will make everything feel good
how well do you remember chapter one of "stranger things"?
a registered republican in texas was sentenced to eight years in prison for illegal voting:
jogger gives hilariously literal answer to name spelling question in viral news clip
11 valentine's gifts for your f*ck buddy
👮📱💵💅
rt @elizabethgchang: gun killings fell by 40 percent after connecticut passed this law
the key to truly great chicken soup
a map of the countries that eat the most meat
“we’re still asking steve to turn himself in, but if he doesn’t, we’ll find him.”
people power
everyone loves this man's brilliant dancing to the bbc news tune
here's when you're probably going to get divorced
money managers all agree one trade is really crowded, but they're loading up on it anyway
literal obama fanfic from the associated press:
how in the world did @bubbawatson make this putt?watch:
the most diverse place in america? it's not where you think:
saving sally
he's 45.
we want children, but my husband struggles to climax through intercourse
the unnoticed trend that worries europe’s counterterrorism agencies
'chewbacca mom'
celebrate tax day 2017 with these deals and freebies:
i’ve hit a sleep wall and i’m seeing double
this swimwear model is becoming a professional kickboxer
snapchat just released a 35-min video explaining why they're worth $20b
what impact are your social media posts having on your kids
this optical illusion is confusing the internet – can you work it out?
who wears a $3,074 bra?
the biggest moment of nancy pelosi's town hall almost didn't happen
5 of the biggest celebrity real estate buys of 2016
10 books that will make you a better person in 2017
here's what we're desperate to know about #outlander season 3:
'dear white people' trailer sparks backlash as netflix faces claims of racism
brie larson reflects on powerful oscars moment you totally missed
virus lottery: what could be next epidemic?
how are you preparing for 2017?
parents are furious at this bestselling author for buying $23,600 worth of #hatchimals
roots review: this remake is brutal and harrowing – but it needs to be
seeing e-cigarettes may increase your desire to smoke
two men shoot giant fireworks at each other. for fun.
this guy does look like tom hardy
damian lewis webchat – post your questions now
makes u think
10 dishes you cannot leave the netherlands without eating
rt @cnnmoney: charging so soon? the apps that drain your phone's battery the most via @lisahopeking
#satnamsingh may not be a household name in india yet, but he may soon be
could your imagination be making you fat?
rt @johnpaczkowski: the screenshort is a bad idea.
the most incredible chinese new year firework display you will ever see
these are the hottest toys of the 2016 holiday season:
the 22 best "rain drop, drop top” tweets
a delivery man just became one of the richest people in china
blood was shed, tables were broken. but wrestlemania’s buzziest moment involved a different ring: an engagement ring
this country just flew in dozens of syrian refugees
former nfl player rescues man from the roof of a burning home
#markzuckerberg is training with the most demanding and the most adorable trainer! 😍😘
here are the top #bollywood #gossips you cannot miss!!!
how would the loaded 2009 nba draft go down if it was held now? @espninsider gives it a shot:
#dangal girls #fatima and #sanya's dancing videos will give you a glimpse of their crazy side!
we can't let #blackmoney holders get away
what percent obsessed with clothes are you?
e.g., bitter clingers
good times.
only 45 days.
no matter how much free time you have this holiday, we have tv recommendations for you
photos: the scooter from the who’s ‘quadrophenia’
2017 horoscopes for all your favorite dealmakers  via @bfly
censorship, fat-shaming and the "reddit revolt": how reddit became the alamo of the internet’s ongoing culture war
trump can text you anytime he wants once he's in office
someone altered a tomi lahren facebook page to support michelle obama and people lost it
5 books richard branson thinks you should read
report of terminally ill boy who died in santa's arms called into question
18 images that only women will truly understand
fact check: did #treasury nominee's bank foreclose on a 90-year-old widow?
even the most seasoned reporter wavers when they hear, "the desk wants to know—"
what makes norway the world's happiest country? share your photos and experiences
champagne, prosecco, and... british fizz? why the new name for our bubbly is causing a stir
we asked some of this year’s notable authors, actors and showrunners about the tv they enjoyed most in 2016
7 practical ways to eat healthier this week
my friend got with her boyfriend after he cheated on my sister – should i snub their wedding?
pm @narendramodi is not easy to impress!
in photos: the year in natural disasters
how president obama spent his final day in office
this bbc interview went horribly wrong in an amazing way
the secret to skipping the queues at the world's most crowded attractions
watch this little one take care of her grandmother after her dad was jailed &amp; her mother was remarried. #womensday
unicef usavoice: ten-year-old syrian refugee hiba tells how she survived a harrowing journey
so, which is your favourite picture? #travelgram #travelpics #instagram #picoftheday
are you guilty of the aspirational r.s.v.p.: saying yes when you really mean no?
lame.
26 hilarious conversations obama and biden definitely had in 2016
rt @buzzfeedquiz: can we guess your favourite sex position?
would you wash your hands with leftovers from old cocktails?
fertility expert reveals the pregnancy etiquette everyone should follow
15 free online resources that will improve your productivity
13 things to know about this week's charts: michael jackson's "thriller" is all-time no. 1 r&amp;b/hip-hop album
#ad how to heat up your style during the cold season.
remember these shows from the '70s? revisit the decade when tv got real on #seventiescnn!
good enough for government work!
2 incidents in recent days where people were left to die have sent the shockwaves across the country
the dictionary left no uncertainty as to whom "sheeple" refers.
this dude was spotted running around detroit with a kangaroo and people have questions
the internet is losing its mind over these eerie photos of nicola sturgeon and margaret thatcher
earth's oceans are warming a lot faster than we thought.
critics say the results show the undemocratic nature of the system
a look into beyonce's glamorous life
pretend to buy some expensive shit and we’ll guess your exact age
'they could be long gone:' tiny clues but vast scale in hunt for escaped murderers
26 quirks americans don’t realize are super weird
juicero and united: two real time case studies in crisis pr for entrepreneurs
31 times the classroom was more extra than educational
republicans are adding to obamacare confusion with new "repair" pitch
37 gorgeous pools everyone should swim in once
this 3-year-old kid has his own roller coaster in his backyard!
the most ambitious, irritating, hopeful and overrated books of 2016 — and the best one, too
there's an internet language dedicated entirely to talking about dogs
people can relate hard to this raccoon that got stuck on a trash truck
missing feared dead
funeral home staffers' sharp eyes lead to murder charges  via @nbcwashington
9 surprising ways you're wasting money without even realizing it:
he is an #inspiration to many! 😃👍
this is why warp speed will never happen  via @nbcnewsmach
baby remains found in 'underground chambers' beneath former home for unmarried mothers
womp. womp.
will 'masala' bonds spice up the indian economy?
sold! this woman won a house bidding war by offering owners free pizza for life
"this new poll has all kinds of bad news for donald trump"
22 pictures that men will just never ever understand
'overwatch' teases a possible new hero and it's (probably) not doomfist
.@iamsrk has a simple solution to stop what happened in #bengaluru recently
how to shear a sheep, and win
trump’s phone call with taiwan president sparks china complaint
little late on this one, don'cha think?
the perfect dating app for farmers has yet to be made
why blue states are the real "tea party"  via @nytopinion
who are the producers on harry styles' album?
power to the burger
the 10 most effective ad campaigns this year
61 cringe thoughts you have while getting a bikini wax
'santa' robs us bank after handing out candy canes (video)
london’s commuters have been tracked, and this is what we learned
someone tried to attack 'liberals' with this picture. they immediately regretted it.
predicting 2017's biggest blockbusters:
this non-traditional wedding will hit you right in the feels
video: fan grabs a line drive foul ball barehanded while wearing a @gopro and it’s epic
op-ed columnist: from caitlyn jenner to a brooklyn high school
why this 6th-grade girl purposefully broke her school's sexist dress code
meet the man who is taking illustrated jabs at the president through magazine covers
this would explain the recent exodus from buzzfeed's politics site.
30 amazing products hairstylists actually swear by
snipers and green tea
only a spelling genius can get over 10 on this timed quiz
why we should all be following the scandi lifestyle for a happy, healthier life
#sakshimalik vs #geetaphogatthis match is totally worth a watch!
from prince tees to vivienne westwood, these are 5 vintage trends making a comeback in 2017
7 essays to read this week
review: the twitter app everyone is raving about is actually not that great
rahul gandhi tweeted about his #vacation and this is what followed
😍😍😍
8 brilliant philosophers who taught us a great deal about #life! #lifelessons
a mom shared the annoying things said about her daughter with down syndrome
kek
another hoax bites the dust.
'beauty and the beast' in vr? actually kind of incredible
he lost mobility and can't speak, swallow or breathe without artificial help. but he was going to finish his movie.
gun killings fell by 40 percent after connecticut passed this law
why it's not just the happy couple that are left out of pocket after weddings...
a female norwegian hunter to men who mansplain: "shut up, just see how i shoot before you correct me"
oil change?rex tillerson's climate change record
what cocaine does to your body and brain
britain's 30 best coffee shops #coffeeweek
will you fly high or fail to take flight in this week's news quiz? 🤔 (pic: ap)
can the world's most ambitious financial experiment survive?
19 ridiculously clever products that will level up your meal prep
how one politician is taking action after u.s. marines nude photo scandal
27 stores with helpful reviews that'll make online shopping so much easier
the do's and don'ts of asking for a raise:
the rogue government twitter account that wasn't
rt @buzzfeedhealth: 17 trainers share their best advice about getting in shape:
135 films got 'a' certificate from censor board
rt @travelmail: are giant seaplanes that can carry up to 2,000 people the future of travel?
awful.
female dutch doctor drugged a patient's coffee then asked her family to hold her down as she fought not to be killed
azealia banks has apparently been sacrificing chickens? idk. here's video:
the pork must flow.
cheap, widely available drug could stop thousands of mothers bleeding to death
meet the man who has put a thousand souls to #rip!
someone worked out how much money women spend on their appearance in a lifetime and it's horrifying
they'd be much safer atop a big, beautiful wall.
how pope francis is about to reshape the climate discussion:
questions linger from the probe into #prince's death
a "corruption tour" in mexico shines light on the nation's murky world of graft:
robots will soon become our children’s tutors. here’s why that’s ok:  via @nbcnewsmach
rbs’s past sins are still shaping the bank’s future | jill treanor
"i don't have a lot of tape at safety, but i'm a pretty damn good safety."
is this newly discovered solar system proof we're not alone?
waaaaahhhh!
an american who channels president trump in the ring becomes mexico’s biggest wrestling villain
frank ocean just released another new song and people are losing it
[slide deck] the retail industry is on the cusp of transformation driven by new technology.
watch: during hearing, comey and rogers react to @potus tweet
why this big wave surfer is only interested in tackling the biggest monsters
looks like someone didn't get the #demonetisation memo
mindlessly checking facebook makes you an awful lot like a lab rat
this teen might be the youngest person to discover a new planet
here’s who martin o’malley thinks is running for president in 2020 (hint: it includes him)
these are the most-loved ceos in america. do you work for one?
what's in store for europe in 2017? a look at possible scenarios
check out this intriguing new exhibit for syfy's 'the magicians'
#icymi: think again before you post those pics of your kids on social media
mother gets cropped out of family photo, has furious response
this antiques roadshow guest just discovered her family heirloom is worth £150,000
have you decorated your christmas tree yet? if so, we want to see it #telexmas
snapchat's plan to set itself apart
this is why you should let a stranger choose your profile picture
it's #nationalbestfriendsday! who is the one who has stuck beside you through thick &amp; thin?
a 65-year-old woman sneaked in an axe in a metro train &amp; attacked another woman with it.#thisisit
evening briefing: here's what you need to know at the end of the day
epa's main climate science site is down for 'review,' and you should be worried  #climatemarch
'am i at risk of being hacked?' what you need to know about the 'vault 7' documents
why green lantern can still recover and become the multi-movie franchise we deserve
we already know that quantum computing will change the world. here's how:
watch: news anchor has terrified reaction after getting caught daydreaming on air
4 things hollywood gets wrong about archaeologists — and 2 things it gets right
come on, man! it's 2017!
the perfect (and weird!) father's day gifts for your dad
as of next week, zimbabweans will pay 35 quadrillion local dollars for $1
here's why people kiss under mistletoe
rt @indyvoices: along with hundreds of others, i'll be inhaling laughing gas outside parliament – here's why http://
"this is not a joke. i'm afraid they read the wrong thing." video:
without extending any apology, @sonunigam again took to twitter to express his views
the grim truth behind this photo reveals what it's really like to be a mother
trump’s press secretary's 'embarrassing' daft punk tweets resurface
that's exactly what a multi-decade putin sleeper agent would say in this situation!
the happiest and unhappiest places to live in the uk
we now know why all those samsung phones caught on fire
man washing massive monster truck mistaken for plane crash
the brilliant answer to what the world would look like without muslims
how second-hand smoke will affect your baby before you get pregnant
here’s how saudi arabia is keen to emulate the example of south korea
mcdonald's cashier's act of kindness toward a boy with autism is an inspiration
fmr #clinton campaign manager: why were #trump aides talking to russia so much?
floyd says we're getting closer and closer to the superfight.
what goes on in your brain when you get déjà vu
donald trump responds to criticism his engagement with taiwanese president
some colleges have more students from the top 1% than the bottom 60. find yours.
watch one man take on america's top 5 fears
"nicotine": an honest account of the emotional complexity of quitting
22 totally real and totally hilarious ways things got their name
somewhere carrie fisher is smiling
do these 6 things in the morning to be productive all day:
a financial adviser why saving for the future will be easy
ecuador fines media for not publishing a story
revealed: the 138 word bill that will give theresa may the power to trigger #brexit
the trouble with disney’s remake machine
43 impossibly cute products you’ll actually use
gronk on the bills? jerry rice on the patriots? aaron rodgers on the 49ers?it could have happened.
elon musk's hyperloop could revolutionise public transportation in major cities
the internet is freaking out over remy ma's savage nicki minaj diss track.
porcine of the times! booze-guzzling pig shows-up stunned drinkers by chugging three bottles of beer in seconds
15 qualities to look for when hiring a front-end developer
what do steve bannon and every character on game of thrones have in common? this:
which vinyl record is your state's favorite? find out:
#icymi: your best pictures from around australia this week via @abcopen
these astronomers found a planetary system and named it after beer 🍻
3 "germany incidents" in 24 hours.
what % lucky are you?
it only took 7 seconds for this kylie jenner appearance to get really awkward
lonzo to the celtics? 🤔our best case scenario for each top prospect in the nba draft
how the internet gave birth to "troll politics," brexit and president-elect trump
mcdonald's workers reveal their very clever hacks to save money and get fresher food
top stories from today!
this man links putin and trump. he was fired from his job for encouraging genocide
traveling to europe could get much more tricky
4 ways to prevent annoying nighttime bathroom trips
man reunited with vintage car he last drove in the 1950s after current owner tracks him down
here are five things trump could do quickly in financial deregulation push
high-end survival
vanderbilt football stars in sorority recruitment video spoof🎥:
this cat yoga trend serves a much bigger purpose
isn't that kind of an admission of where your army is located?
would you take a new £1,300 dna test that could save your life?
rt @goingoutguide: we tried all six new starbucks frappuccino flavors so you don't have to
as he nears a 2016 bid, louisiana’s bobby jindal hits political bottom
why this is not the best time to buy a new laptop
watch jimmy fallon’s star studded musical number that opened the #goldenglobes
a roundup of top #entertainment stories from the day
this pair of 5-year-old boys hatched a brilliant plan to fool their teacher  via @todayshow
what happens in the extremely unlikely scenario the electoral college goes rogue?
kabul nights
now we got bad blood
happens to the best of us.
the latest eliminated queen from "drag race" opens up about her time on the show
your favorite book characters are as real as you feel they are
rt @jasonbretwells: a lot of new content on rachel dolezal generated by our sharp news team. catch up:
amazon's new credit card comes with some generous perks:
these hidden gems serve west african dishes you’d be hard-pressed to find anywhere else
watch live: attorneys of united airlines passenger forced off plane hold briefing
impressive. most impressive.
is this proof men are useless in bed? lesbians are much more likely to orgasm during sex
here are 11 people who turned #failure into their biggest strengths, rising like a phoenix from the ashes
the border-adjustable tax can't possibly achieve what lawmakers are promising. here's why:
the best ceos, according to employees
why more people die on january 1 than any other time of the year
here's why japan's millennials are flocking to this seaside city
crossings down, assaults updey angry
how would the world's first full head transplant work?
this prince bought plane tickets for his 80 falcons. casual
fake news.
these badass women exercising to maya angelou's poetry is all the inspiration you need today
60 foods that taste better when you're high
the sun criticises newcastle's reporter blacklist with special back page
a sex dungeon owner tells you everything you've secretly always wanted to know
frenchman smashes sailing record
"i’m pretty sure our media is opposed to rape. but evidently, not as opposed as they are to america."
how warren buffett overcame his fear of public speaking:
at least shireen is alive and well on twitter, "game of thrones" fans
former miss italy contestant could lose her sight after 'jilted boyfriend throws acid in her face'
a sleep doctor reveals what you can do to fall asleep faster
this is your next netflix murder mystery obsession
speed up your metabolism with these six steps  via @nbcnewsbetter
a gang leader was sentenced in a fellow member's stabbing decapitation
legacy.
a shocking new study just disproved the 130-year-old theory about where dinosaurs came from
two @royals prospects had a bet on the arkansas-missouri st. super regional. it wasn't pretty:
shock:
fit for a king
delia smith’s recipe for creme caramel – what could go wrong? | stephen bush
3 powerful ways to boost 401(k) returns in 2017
the best #oscars dresses that you’ve probably never seen
how akzo nobel is fending off ppg
rt @cnnmoney: this billionaire says to blame the gov't, not wall street, for the next financial crisis
18 weird-ass sex toys that might actually be genius
7 steps you can take to avoid catcallers
'i felt lonely when i shared that photo': social media v reality at christmas
this businessman sought to earn millions from economic collapse after brexit. he experienced almost instant karma
perspective: they’ve had redskins tickets for more than 50 years. they’ve finally had enough.
is skipping breakfast bad for you? a new study has found links with heart disease and obesity
your food choices will determine which pop diva you are
this former vogue model was found dead at 21
donald trump says he will follow 'two simple rules' - and now everyone's making the same joke
i’ve lost faith in men. they seem incapable of genuine affection or loyalty
the 50 best young footballers in italy  via @guardian_sport
for many, college hoops flies under the radar until cfb is over.if you're one of those people, this is for you:
confidence is high but economic gains are elusive
the gig economy will finally have to give workers the rights they deserve
which chemical weapon was used in syria? here’s what investigators know.
rt @samrega: whoa! this airport security checkpoint is not what it seems! watch now! via @bi_video
imagine carrying this much hate in a single human body.
not as big as the one your iran deal's gonna cause.
she was on course for stardom. then she entrusted her career to usa swimming
this ancient greek memory test can help you remember where you left your keys
are you the good sister or the bad sister?
from @iamsrk to @kapilsharmak9, everything from the entertainment world is just a click away!
"i was laughing, clearly he did some homework. ... he googled me and found some things."
"wire tapping" and 11 other words and phrases trump has tweeted in quotes
hmmmmmm.
so when exactly does the new year begin in space?
mitsubishi heavy industriesvoice: 3 japanese business practices for an age of disruption
birth control side effects detailed
stunningandbrave
when filming 'rogue one' took a kind of nsfw turn
the most important thing hugh hefner taught me about business @bi_video @cooperhefner
golfing with trump? better leave your ego at the clubhouse
will more people get news from apple news than facebook?
4 soft skills you need to work on—and why:
floods hero
kelly ripa doesn't look like this anymore (hint: think pink!)
the dash diet is proven to work. why hasn’t it caught on?
passion is overrated — 7 work habits you need instead
smells like a pr stunt tbh
a luxury music festival where tickets cost up to $12,000 turned into a nightmare
this rescued pit bull's smile is the cutest thing you'll see today
a machine that used to be considered punishment is now a $1.4 billion fitness industry
oof.
why dealmakers are letting more secrets leak
celebrity conspiracy theory: marisa tomei wasn't supposed to win an oscar.
7 times shannen doherty inspired us to never give up
netanyahu's stern warning to iran |
we ranked every single kanye album. pray for our mentions.
there's a story behind the video of a man punching a kangaroo the head
the 10 best music memes of 2016
he's unstoppable. ˢᵉʳᶦᵒᵘˢ ᶰᵒᵗᵉ ⁻ "ᵀʰᵃᵗ'ˢ ᴹʸ ᴮᵒʸ" ᶦˢ ᵒᶰᵉ ᵒᶠ ²⁰¹²'ˢ ᵇᵉˢᵗ ᶠᶦᶫᵐˢ, ʸᵒᵘ ˢʰᵒᵘᶫᵈ ʷᵃᵗᶜʰ ᶦᵗ
finding chic kids’ clothes: the new secret weapon
word salad.
lady gaga has dropped hints about her super bowl performance. here’s what we know and don’t know.
100 years of french beauty in just two minutes
how to vacation like taylor swift, madonna and more of the world's wealthiest celebs:
are you a keen facebook 'stalker'? here's how to see every photo your friends have ever liked on facebook
the #world to do something for people suffering in #southsudan.
if seeing the great barrier reef was on your bucket list, it may be too late
revealed: how to completely banish stress in just three minutes
what you need to know about the french election
respectfully disagree.
the new interior secretary rode a horse to work because why not
rt @irin: no one can ever top this sentence, anywhere
job hunting? 180+ openings in new york, london, hamburg and more
this weather simulator lets fliers sample their destination's climate. see more in cnn's latest edition on @snapchat
even after an in-game fight, the siena coach got his post-game handshakes...sort of🎥
this 'game of thrones' photo may have a big jon snow clue
"i guess i got to play by different rules than the rest of the nba."
holiday meals come with the weight of expectations, but they needn’t be totally predictable
this study debunks the idea that there's a "beauty premium" in salaries
evocative photos highlight new zealand's largest street gang
american pharoah lands on the sports illustrated cover and it’s one for the ages
"show you how inexperienced we are, one of my players said, 'there's a lady in the huddle stealing our plays.'"
this year's l.a. film festival showcases diversity
donald trump tweeted about st patrick's day and colossally missed the irony
the truth about those solar jobs numbers you've been seeing:
long island murders: escort claims sex with cop near serial killer's dumping ground
earth is so photogenic
five ways to store your bike in style
if you could reboot yourself in a new, younger, better-looking body that wasn't your own, would you do it?
8 photos which will make you question what you know about being a woman
what's the best music video of 2016? vote!
21 gifts for the gwyneth paltrow in your life
an unlikely source helps single mom build a family home
how to flirt
a pretty cool move by shaq:
how an unknown 25-year-old won an election spending $1,300 on facebook promotion:
...
gender balance
bad lip reading is back!🎥:
a map of the world's happiest countries
awww.
elon musk is all for this 5th grade tesla fan's advertising suggestion
why this mom is certain her c-section scar makes her a "badass mama"
don't know much about history.
just one day into @realdonaldtrump's presidency and changes can already be felt.
2016 is coming to an end... which artist dominated the year? vote!
will you inherit less than you think?
save thousands of dollars a year by investing in these 10 smart home solutions:
the country everybody will be visiting in 2017
suspect in kim jong-nam assassination posed in flowery bikini at motor show
literally just 17 really, really good ideas
alt-right v anti-fascist
[serious tweet] agreed, bernie sanders.
how many of these do you have on your shelf?
how neil gorsuch became donald trump's supreme court nominee
10 resolutions that will help you build a stronger career in 2017:
people are rushing to get prescriptions they need to live
this oughta get the tolerance crowd riled up.
this joke about donald trump is extremely rude and we don't condone it even a little
top entertainment news from today!
ms-13.
here's how many hours hedge funders worked in 2016
this #harvard student’s inspiring #facebook post about #jjayalalithaa is going crazy viral!#thisisit
kim jong-un's wife spotted seven months after disappearing
steve harvey reveals his holiday plans and new year’s resolutions  via @yahootv
rt @bbctech: does your home need a thinking lightbulb?
this kremlin leader bragged about tipping a u.s. presidential election
what to cook this week
people are loving this dog who came out of surgery and can't stop smiling
the biggest media and advertising questions for 2017
a couple was sent hundreds of letters meant for santa, so they decided to answer them
the best luxury pot accessories for a high class smoke
rt @michaelluo: lots of new revelations in garner case from @bakeal @jdavidgoodman @benjmueller
these 10 trans people just got their first ids under colombia’s new gender rules
how did this 28-year-old build a net worth of $2.25 million? learn from her strategies:
top #news stories from today!
did her eyes flick down to her phone during the commercials or when did she smile or frown? it was all monitored.
britain's 20 most 'crap' towns - and why we love them
7 ways you're completely killing your iphone battery
with conventional grocers eating its lunch, whole foods is borrowing their tactics
how to tap into the best bargains in wine today
how adulthood happens (via @nytopinion)
betsy devos asked twitter a question. it did not go well.
here are five foods you need to eat every day for a flatter stomach
5 things to know about the gop health care plan's score
how your smartphone use is really affecting your brain:
the best #entertainment stories from the day
17 jobs amy schumer does better than you
17 delicious recipes to cook now and eat later
apple copied “new” features from google, microsoft — and even itself by @danielwbean
behind the scenes of bloomberg businessweek's epic explanation of code
sword-wielding man dressed as the joker was arrested in virginia.
tastemakers from the forbes #30under30 picked their favorite gifts for the holiday season
rt @buzzfeedent: here’s our first look at #thexfiles reboot via @flahertykeely
rt @buzzfeeduk: 17 white women who could play rachel dolezal in the inevitable movie
movement for third gender option "exploding" in u.s.  via @nbcout
61 businesses trump has targeted on twitter  via @yahoofinance
prepping for paris: watch as boeing's dreamliner puts on amazing show #boeing787
trump’s new national security adviser may shake up the white house's foreign policy teams
there’s a store making donuts based off of ’90s snacks, because heaven is real
michael moore has another prediction about donald trump
drag him, slay queen!
this ‘walking dead’ shirt was banned from stores for racism
someone created a meme coloring book and it’s everything we never knew we needed
some ridiculously easy recipes for when you've lost an hour of sleep
plan your funeral and we'll tell you how you die
"if it was something he wanted to address and had a stance on something, the door has always been open both ways."
"bachelor in paradise" season 2 cast revealed
a complete guide to this weekend's sneaker releases
get off the computer and complete this italian teacher's summer assignment. you won't regret it
looking for a new job? you'll have the best chances in these cities:
only a true crime expert can get more than 7/10 on this quiz
tells you a lot about the instincts of the snarky reporters who had to attend every single one.
red wine ingredient may improve health of obese men:
the 10 most promising jobs of 2017 and the skills you need to get them
sex expert reveals how to tell if someone's really into you (and the subconscious signals you're sending back)
proof kim kardashian west is stealing cher’s style  via @yahoostyle
#doctors reveal #stent makers are striking #secret hospital #deals to sell at #inflated prices
here's hoping the negotiations kill it with fire.
the top 2 senators overseeing the intelligence community dismissed president trump's wiretap claim
eagles: c-redskins: ??jets: ??
this is why your team won't win the super bowl next year. yes, your team. talking to you!
7 'green' buildings from around the world prove that architecture can be environment-friendly
how tom ford brought a $100-million mansion to the screen in "nocturnal animals"
these indian students are launching their own rocket @isro
these plants may look beautiful, but they are dangerous for your pets
ubsvoice: do you live in an expensive city?
according to this taste test video, craft beer isn't all it's cracked up to be
these are the world's worst tax havens
mom's 34-second video filmed in a pantry is pretty much parenthood
as tax day looms, here’s a guide to knowing when you need a pro to file your return
here is the news
10 under-the-radar vacation destinations for 2017
syria: six simple questions for a complicated conflict:
60 minutes' odd journey to north korean border
are you yuccie af?
revealed: the six expert tips that will ensure everyone respects you in work
$86 million hong kong mansion is bought via a method that avoids property taxes
rt @bbcwalesnews: theme park safety plea family struggling to comes to terms with rollercoaster death
icymi: even though he averages a triple-double, russell westbrook will not start in the all-star game.see who is:
the strict but straightforward daily routine of the world's most successful people
all hail halo - xbox’s master game
the difference between donald trump and justin trudeau in two pictures
how moderate and reasonable
rt @buzzfeedideas: why i quit working in nail salons via @buzzfeedideas @buzzfeed
the two ages you're happiest at
are you a “yuccie?”
rachel matthews: sorry, no refunds... why do men think they should get their money back after a bad date?
paper driving licences have now been scrapped; not everyone is happy
one last ride.
salt bae voted, and it definitely calls for a photoshop battle
don't miss out on the #bollywood drama, read on! :d
what's really in that weed? see how they lab-test marijuana for safety &amp; potency #highprofits
man's commentary of a ny train giving zero f*cks about people is comedy gold
these global warming skeptics have their own conference where they tell themselves they're winning the debate.
alabama players are left in awe of the sick mercedes nick saban rolled up in
why the olympics washington didn’t win could still transform the city
19 things only people who love cooking but are fucking lazy will understand
these beauty and fitness influencers can make up to $300,000 per post
rt @roomfordebate: what does tim hunt's sexism say about the state of stem?
catty news network.
31 of the most heartwarming books you’ll ever read
4 simple ways to supercharge plank exercises via @yahoohealth
"i’d like it done in italy."
paul krugman: how republics end  via @nytopinion
'creepy' photo collage gets martin shkreli suspended from twitter
this is the secret code word for when queen elizabeth dies
donald trump's 10 weirdest ever facial expressions
‘don’t play identity politics!’ the primal scream of the straight white male | hadley freeman
oscar’s biggest loser finally wins... on 21st try
rt @thefix: let president obama have a cigarette already.
chapecoensebreaks down in tears as he reveals how a last-minute seat change saved his life
the greatest national trust properties – according to the experts
donald trump wasn’t happy with his state department finalists. then he heard a new name.
"i still remember that day. some policemen brought the body of a man who had died in a gruesome road accident."
just some guys in england driving a tank to the gas station
survivors pulled from avalanche hotel after two days
beauty: your hair regime doesn’t have to be hard work
rt @fahrenthold: an incomplete list of the dumbest things presidential campaigns have ever spent money on. tell me what i missed. http://t.
13 secrets about the muppets you probably don’t know
this batman-themed pregnancy announcement is a geek couple's dream
all the social media news you may have missed:
#kamalhaasan along with others #tweeted this unexplainable video of a #cop setting an auto on #fire. @ikamalhaasan
here’s why malls across the us are dying
new on @medium:  why 'living within our means' is a great con
this is heartbreaking!!! :( :( :(
top #entertainment stories from the day
terrifying southeast asian walking fish lives up to its name.
this satisfying food quiz will reveal where you should live
rt @dailymailuk: woman baffled after more than 100 gnomes turn up in her garden overnight
yes, scrolling through instagram can actually make you healthier. see why  via @nbcnewsbetter
why we never really get over that first love
woman sets up camera in bedroom to find out what flatmates really get up to when she's at work
this teenager used to walk miles to work to take care of his mother, then everything changed
i tried to quit sugar, but failed without realizing why
get your finances in shape with these strategies and tools:
unlike their house colleagues, these senate democrats are attending trump’s inauguration
5 differences between a pocket sprung and memory foam mattress
rt @indyvoices: for one year, my publishing house will only release books written by women – here's why
miss world is the biggest beauty pageant you’ve never heard of. what’s it doing in washington?
how to fulfill your dream of surfing down the edge of an active volcano:
better than the alternative...
this literature map of the world is simply brilliant
13 weird christmas traditions from around the world that’ll surprise you
what cole swindell and "the bachelor" have in common
zaza the enforcer?🎥:
how can we take the trump administration seriously when it can't even spell good?
how craig sager saved dennis rodman's life
how to have a good office christmas party (without regretting everything the next day)
crystal meth haul
"man, i weighed around 463 pounds. i wasn't feeling good at all. ... it was a difficult time."
why getting fired is worse than divorce
14 things you’ll find hilarious if you’re 14 years old
video: hs softball catcher gets away with leveling a pair of baserunners
ourmine just combined hacking and debunking to dispel a fake britney spears death tweet
9 surprising ways meditation changes your brain
ask and you shall receiveshaq once tipped $4,000 because a restaurant server asked
big business warns trump against mass deportation
diana quick: 'for the first time in my life i can have non-sexual relationships with men'
the effects of stress on your body
🍕🍕🍕 @firstwefeast found the best pizza from each of the 50 states 🍕🍕🍕
how robots are changing the workplace
wales v belgium: european 2016 qualifier – live! via @guardian_sport
billboard's top 10 most popular holiday songs
when it comes to israel, stakes are high for president trump's son-in-law
a few snow chances over the next week we need to keep our eye on
dopamine dressing – can you dress yourself happy?
the best moments from sunday night's sag awards
don't ignore your bad back - it could be a warning sign you will die young
here’s what will happen to donald trump’s businesses once he is president
this indestructible coffee machine is for extreme caffeine addicts
“i always liked my name, until amazon gave it to a robot.”
'merica.
we'll always have newsweek.
how the stars spent christmas 2016
indeed.
what do people talk about before they die? a hospice chaplain shares stories:
rt @dleonhardt: so is red america or blue america better at promoting stable families?
rt @bbcnewsbeat: "a guy using his penis as a drumstick." find out what else happened in our magaluf blog. http://t.c
these 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined
garrison keillor: the president of visuals
these are the most international universities in the world in 2017
britain’s already fragile union is at risk - not from scotland but its own government
how house and senate republicans have learned to deal with president trump, in 4 simple reactions
burn
are wall street banks doing enough to prevent shoddy chinese ipos?
an emotionally searing tale of sexual awakening, based on a graphic novel, takes home the most coveted tony award
australian teenager snaps a selfie with a shark
goodbye, geek glasses: why aviators are this season’s biggest eyewear trend
and at that age, you really need a solid 8 hours!
29 gifts that even the most heartless people would adore
12 things you realize at the end of a relationship
why australia's aaa credit rating is doomed  #ausbiz
all your "gilmore girls: a year in the life" questions, answered
who are trump's 20 million twitter followers? we investigate:
hey, here are some people who really, really should not run for president
the rags-to-riches tale of a billionaire retail empire owner
these are the best and worst college towns in america
firefighters can see through smoke with new thermal mask
if you've ever dreamed of getting up close and personal with a rocket launch, your time is now
um, guys...
best friend of 'gold digging' ukrainian black widow claism she never loved him
.@msdhoni is guiding @imvkohli through odi captaincy
move over dubai: doha is about to be the middle east's next big destination
women of the world united
10 reasons peter gabriel's 'solsbury hill' is one of the all-time greatest songs
heath ledger's final gift to daughter matilda
take a peek inside this year’s oscars swag bag
perspective: this man could soon be handling america’s most politically charged investigation
a flower pot in an english garden turned out to be part of an ancient roman sarcophagus
10 playstation experience reveals you might have missed
stocks are sliding
really?
projection.
these are the 50 best restaurants in the world — have you been to any of them?
uber whistleblower exposes breach in driver-approval process
apple patent reveals unusual designs for iphone-laptop hybrid
nothing can beat meryl streep's reaction to *that* oscars mix-up
alys fowler: how to give your seedlings the best start in life
don’t believe these myths about spf
the truth about the uninsured rate in america
it's oscar night! so we've got a question:no, not who will win. how well do you know your disney sports movies?
coworkers driving you crazy? how to deal with it:
here's how kris jenner goes all out for the holidays
supreme court nominee neil gorsuch was just tripped up by a horse-sized duck
texas high school student killed on drive to graduation ceremony: - @kayleehecknews
the top 10 foods to eat to beat bloating and get a flat stomach
rt @bbcworldservice: man attacked and killed by circus elephant in germany
uber drivers threaten rebellion against the $40bn company
world's 'most colourful 5k run'
«pop»
the #police also found that many internet centres were flouting norms.#thisisit
the perception — and reality — of the rise of the far right in europe
inside the largest earth science event: 'the time has never been more urgent'
why philadelphians are reeling over the city's new sugary drink tax:
scientists are about to start sending messages to aliens, despite warnings it could trigger earth’s destruction
the true story of the five year old who gave birth
what nebraska's ranchers and farmers said about the keystone xl pipeline
michel roux jr, here’s a recipe for tipping | deborah orr
the world's best-yielding stock market is set to get even better
the latest hold-up in the republicans' plan to repeal and replace obamacare
21 pictures that will only slightly piss you off
e ink unveils world's largest epaper display #mashces
showboating after the fact is still showboating.
a new mom flew to miami to get a "brazilian butt lift." she didn’t survive the surgery.
"it wasn't a foul on my sixth foul." – lebron james
"jimmy kimmel" asks warriors fans about fake issues, gets serious responses
here's what happens when you accidentally buy your girlfriend 144 pairs of fuzzy socks
😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
back to jail
house hunters in toronto are getting desperate
northwestern mutualvoice: the sweet smell of success -- 5 tips for starting a post-retirement business
cop whose house burned down gets christmas surprise from randy travis.
once a captain, always a captain @msdhoni
share your photos of cats for a chance to win jane bown's book
6 things that bartenders wish customers would stop doing
two aussies play horrible prank on their friend, telling him he killed a man
for a longer life, researchers say eat this many fruits and veggies per day:
why fretting about what to wear could be ruining your life
the 2017 investment guide: trumponomics
here’s what the liquid on top of your yogurt is — and why you should stop pouring it out
millennials.
scott walker has been telling this teacher's story for year. she wants him to stop.
at long last.
was 2016 good or bad? may and johnson differ in christmas messages
.@justinbieber's biggest moments of 2016
what rachel dolezal's case says about race
twitter party at #sxsw
natural gas firm seeks to prove it's not causing texas quakes
corset training is a bust, experts say.
these are the top 20 party cities in america
#icymi: what reporter will ockenden's #metadata #reveals about his life
the real problem behind fake news  via @yahoonews
#icymi: five reasons life is hard for women in 2017 (and what you can do to improve it) #iwd2017
these are the industries where people stay in their jobs the longest:
the company that makes america's engagement rings plans to open a bunch of stores and close even more
you can do it!
how the hubble space telescope changed the universe:
england call up somerset’s craig overton as cover for chris jordan
it looked like a glorious night of schadenfreude for patriots loathers. then it all changed.
'power rangers' fans are hyped about that credits scene—here's why
rt @buzzfeedmusic: watch @kaceymusgraves' “biscuits” video and life will be gravy
is the united airlines man being smeared in the media even the right david dao? it doesn't matter
fiendishly tricky vocabulary quiz claims just 1% of players will score full marks
watch the moment when conjoined twins reunite after surgery
there's a secret message buried inside nintendo's new $60 console
rt @bbcwalesnews: ►tidal lagoon explained in 60 seconds
porn website attempts first sex scene shot in space
most brits just might have some common sense.
look out, gamers!marshawn lynch is unleashing the beast (mode) in the new call of duty:
even sears has doubts about its survival
31 accessories every ’90s girl will recognize
i pity the fool! (featuring @mrt and @_chazsmith)
aren't we already past the tipping point you warned about last time?
the smart way to think about that trade deficit with mexico
video of the uplifting moment 6-year-old boy celebrates end of chemo goes viral
the highest-paid female youtuber, and the astonishing amount she earns
visually impaired malayalam singer chooses career over marriage, sets a new #worldrecord!
this moment between 2 quiz show contestants is so gloriously awkward
medical drones could be the next wave of emergency response
...and now the circle is complete.
why betterment added a human touch to its roboadvisor tool:
verrender: the simple truth on renewable energy #analysis #ausbiz 💡(pic: nick haggarty)
the process gets a bit nerdy, but it’s not rocket science:
people came together to help a widowed old man find a fishing buddy and it’s so touching
footage shows illuminated ufo hovering over french town
steven spielberg's 'jurassic park' decision that changed movies forever:
snowden files 'read by russia and china': five questions for uk government
no bets placed on the super bowl? fear not — we have a printable prop bet scorecard that's perfect for your party:
comforts can be easily bought, but what of #contentment?
why parents and doctors should think about adhd in preschool
donald trump managed to make oscars screw-up about him...
the 10 best tennis moments in culture
is this the swiss watch industry's great digital disruptor?
bank investors, who haven’t focused on consumer credit risks in recent years, should start paying attention
curious world of north korea's exports – from badger furs to 'strength pills'
cash cow? more like cash giraffe
how apple’s new music service compares to what’s out there right now
watch big sean spit a crazy freestyle for funk flex.
along with @chevrolet, we present the story of one world cup @ussoccer_wnt player who is shattering expectations:
7 wearables saving babies' lives around the world
are these foods actually hipster or not?
the #wbc2017 will go a long way in fueling the future of mlb
26 teacher problems that prove they’re goddamn angels
these climate doubters want to create a "red team" to challenge climate science
airline carry-on size suggestions could mean you need new luggage
a basic design feature of facebook’s advertising system makes it easy to create fake ads
a diverse list of the 25 coolest hotels on the planet
a #mysterious piece of rock floating around in our #solarsystem could be worth $10,000 quadrillion dollars! @nasa
check out the last time someone read the wrong winner at the #oscars
a former contestant on the jump is telling new ones to quit before they get hurt
a weather geek's guide to why it's so freaking cold outside
a look at celebrities and their christmas trees
people reveal the most humiliating message blunders at work
what the navient lawsuit means for your student loans:
mashreads podcast: 'the shining' perfectly understands your winter cabin fever
how can execs stay sharp  in this dizzying business world?
here’s a peek at the all-new powerpuff girls set to air in 2016
waaaaah!
disruptive innovation: has it reached buzzword status yet?
everyone loves bernie sanders. except, it seems, the democratic party | trevor timm
last witness
how english sounds to people who don't speak english
the heartbreaking story behind dwayne 'the rock' johnson's gift to his dad
pewdiepie taught youtube a valuable lesson
could light bulbs hurt your health? one company is now putting warning labels on its bulbs:
win one of 12 brilliant designer gifts worth £7,150 - and help the telegraph's christmas charity appeal
wonder if you're smart? these 5 signs can prove it, according to science.
the names of the women 'most likely' to get pregnant in 2017
one of the biggest cities in europe is banning cars made before 2000
you're going to make these meatballs a lot
why i love… michelle obama
these are (probably) the hottest parenting trends of 2017
dying author pens heartbreaking dating profile for her beloved husband
13 essential items you never thought to donate to those in need
the might tree in #california falls!
already!
#cooking hacks that can make your life way #healthier! what's on your dinner plate?
netflix is reinventing reality tv by making the same show six times
£100,000 public money given to suspected illegal faith schools
build your perfect partner to find out when you'll get married
what you should really know about every major hacking story
revealed: the true scale of tony blair's global business empire
'planet earth ii' replaced with human screams is hilariously disturbing
5 things for monday: - china- supreme court- colombia- ecuador- oklahoma
rt @bbcpanorama: next on bbc1 is opposition to gm food based on scientific evidence or scaremongering?
map: is islamic state in a neighborhood near you?
i’m concerned that my children are no longer employable
there's a weird noise in sweden and no one is sure where it's coming from
elon musk's new venture could link brains with computers
this mysterious illness tied to marijuana use is on the rise in states with legal weed
cops break into car to free "frozen" elderly woman, find it's a mannequin
online companies urge fcc chair not to gut net neutrality rules
a round up of important #news stories from the day#thisisit
32 years and still no justice
24 pictures that will make you way happier than they should
watch: massive brawl breaks out over seating at high school graduation
as car crash deaths rise, experts say "we're not doing the right things" to prevent them:
this is what true #friendship is all about!
for instance, low-potency #antibiotic drugs were found to be diluted with #paracetamol.#thisisit
joey badass' "mask off" freestyle is pretty fire!
hate facts.
fact check: very likely.
the results of our final mvp poll are in ...1. ??2. tom brady3. ??4. ezekiel elliott
westgate park: why an australian lake has turned pink
the trailer for this summer's shark movie just dropped
remember those "rogue" government twitter accounts? this one wasn't so rogue after all
check out this hidden shortcut on your iphone for web and email addresses by @pogue
this epic chart shows the average wage for almost every job in america
wwe superstar charlotte flair reveals her wrestlemania fitness and diet plans
adpvoice: 3 ways to equalize the treatment of women in the workplace
these are the unhappiest jobs of 2017
"three against one, ha ha ha," was one of the comments on the #live feed.#disgusting
uh... did it do *anything*?
“good news” for students
'the back way'
finish out the week with a delicious dinner
new "carpool karaoke" prime time special coming in may:
wing-wonderland dreams came true at new york best wings festival
"the new york times has run two stories... both stories clearly say that there is no evidence."
stephen hawking says jeremy corbyn is disastrous for labour
after a toddler accidentally shot and killed his older sister, a family’s wounds run deep
new music ✨🙌🏾❤️ @sza x @trvisxx ❤️"love galore"
big ideas: the airline mess, provocative views from bridgewater's dalio. plus @domino's win!
17 fucking infuriating things that happen in every porno
video: @bwwings had to be behind marreese speights’ #nbafinals missed dunk, right?
don't skip! she has a very important message for you. #oscars #oscar2017
the 20-year-old leading the march against revenge porn
mistletoe is actually a tree-killing parasite — here's how it became a christmas icon
here’s how thieves can steal your smartphone pin code in just seconds
mysteries of crown-like structures on venus' surface revealed
he created a database to "figure out what the government really does with the money." what he found surprised him
this is the cutest thing you will ever see!!! :d #goodmorning
for everyone who thinks rory gilmore is the worst
eat peppers, live longer?
reddit's place 'prank' drew thousands of users together in love and war
marine le pen may get a lift from an unlikely source: the far left
barely above the margin of error. yet "nearly a third thought the american government was behind the attacks"!
"never have i seen the hypocrisy that we see going on around this one issue."
19 memes about periods that are too fucking real
how exactly will the 2017 general election work?
#icymi: here's what you need to know about america's strike on syria
18 wikipedia pages that’ll make you say “fuck, that’s interesting”
"if there was something to find, which there's not, they would've found it by now." —ezekiel elliott
meet the baby who surprised everyone after she was born at a pennsylvania car dealership
are these the most #trolled baby names of our time?#thisisit
this woman documented her breast cancer diagnosis, and 43 million people responded
we give you more reasons to be proud. #isro #worldrecord #isromadeusproud
26 sex toys that actually get the job done
10 tech trends that will dominate ces 2017
contact with aliens 'could end life on earth', expert warns
massive protests target trump’s agenda
career lessons you can draw from hbo's 'big little lies'
why one failed asylum seeker trended - while many others do not
10 great pop songs from march you might've missed
6 low-sweat exercises to beat the summer heat:
a serious moment for a serious tweet to promote a serious discussion of the russia-turkey situation:
whoa, if true.
well played.
where are they now? the 6 quarterbacks drafted before tom brady in the 2000 nfl draft
22 gifts your dude will actually want for valentine’s day
dale cavese: the football chant that took over the internet and the world
the perfect way to cook rice so that it's perfectly fluffy and never sticks to the pan
how to end america's growing opioid epidemic  via @drfriedencdc @fxnopinion
so much for lone wolfery!
the best profile picture to get you a date
12 pieces of advice from aziz ansari about love and dating
surely this
'world's original sports car' to be sold at auction
17 signs you are new to adulthood
a top @linkedin exec shares his best career advice for 20-somethings
23 products everyone who hates everyone needs to own
here's why cats sleep so much
embarrassing!
rt @gma: 'lucky to be alive,' says man who claimed to see escaped murderers after prison break:
pakistani man, 50, is addicted to eating trees after eating leaves when he was poor
animated map of what earth would look like if all the ice melted #earthday
tolerance.
class of 2017: check out these 6 tips to help you deal with student loan debt:
bad news for cold season: your cough syrup probably doesn't work
these guys deserve a standing ovation
how a smart assistant can help transform your morning routine
£18 sticks... and other signs your neighbourhood has hit peak gentrification
stephen bannon brought the battle plan. president trump brought the fight.
the weeknd &amp; nav are up to their necks in models in #someway video
imagine having outrages that are this first world.
how you handle conflict can make or break your career
26 pictures that will ruin your weekend
another.
answer these questions and we’ll tell you whether or not you’re a morning person
this is why everyone buys milk, bread and toilet paper when it snows
was darth vader’s "rogue one" pun forced? many star wars fans find it disturbing.
this new game is like pokémon go — but you can catch cash prizes instead
silver lining?
#india needs #paternityleave too. this is why
why our parents did holidays better than us
watch these dads doing ballet with their daughters
all the #bollywood news right here
white house sends satirical news story by accident in daily newsletter and do you guys even read
dad didn't know daughter came from kidnapping
opinion: fear of flying, for good reason
thank you for your support, which is more important now than ever
12 perspectives on the women’s strike you need to read
19 jokes about “mr. brightside” that are guaranteed to make you laugh
this plus-size model explains why you should unapologetically love your body
should you be worried about political risk? (insurers sure are)
why dogs put their tails between their legs
this, according to the class xii #sociology textbook of the #maharashtra state board
how children play, even in the harshest of environments
here’s why exercise is contagious, particularly among women
teacher in hot water after anti-trump stunt goes viral
rt @meganliberman: icymi (and you shouldn't): why republican candidates should want to be shut out of debates, from @mattbai
17 tweets for people who both love and hate jughead on "riverdale"
watch this incredible newly unearthed kanye west interview from 2013.
witness the remarkable zen of russell crowe's smartphone photography
your guide to #drinking #responsibly during the silly season
help us solve the mystery of kendall jenner's shorts:
54 of the most hilariously bad amazon movie reviews
the average woman will change dress sizes 31 times in her lifetime
the 7 biggest changes obamacare made, and those that may disappear
olsen twin or stylish senator? you decide
the currencies that suffered in 2016
blurry vision? middle-aged eyes? new 10-minute surgery helps some toss their reading glasses
mark cuban explains twitter experiment: 'just knew it would drive people crazy'
he was nearly 400 pounds and could never find a stable home.now caleb swanigan is a poy contender. how he did it:
after 26 years, one of america's most recognizable couples is splitting up: - @therealrothman
damn, the 14 best memes of 2016
.@theshilpashetty also spoke about how an actress is under a constant radar for those extra calories, post-pregnancy
"i've got more than enough money saved."
parents fight to save their two daughters after tragic diagnosis
'racist' primary school headmistress banned for life over 'f*****g muslims' comments.
why hillary clinton shouldn’t bank on persuading republicans
16 pets who really aren’t feeling this whole christmas thing
the 10 hottest neighborhoods for 2017
boy has the best reaction to being adopted after 832 days in foster care
get creeped out by this tense trailer for the new wikileaks documentary
told you
buy things for your mansion, find out where you’ll live in 10 years
if you get 11/15 on this quiz, you can basically be president
a gallery of miss golden globe: looking back at the famous, the obscure, and the misters  #goldenglobes
should you be worried about giving your photos to #faceapp?
say it ain't so!
fish with a penis on its head filmed for first time
can you pass this lie detector test?
these brothers were forced out by trump’s executive order. on monday, they moved to the u.s.
this is the super-secret fbi division in charge of the russia investigation
25 photos to remind you how hot leonardo dicaprio was, is, and always will be
8 apps that can help you improve your mental and physical health  by @insider_picks
did this guy steal tom brady’s super bowl jersey? zoom and enhance.
5 survival myths that could get you killed.
what do africans think of trump?
the secret to finding your ideal hotel
details emerge of george michael's many quiet acts of kindness
welp
19 tweets about dogs that are funny, pure, and just so goddamn true
where does warren stand? liberal icon tangling with dems, base
not so hot, not so cold: a newly found planet could be just right for life
15 mansplaining stories that mansplained so fucking hard
why every mammal (including humans), takes 12 seconds to poop
are you actually a minimalist?
this woman’s unsolved death will freak you the fuck out
this woman was gifted a karaoke mic and did the absolute most
22 ways to be healthier with minimal effort
ur simply the best al
uganda.
the end is nigh for the world health organisation
putin's 50ft underwater 'robot' that can imitate any submarine in the world
how to make peace with close friends and family who backed the other candidate
trump and abortion
someone mashed-up 100 classic christmas tracks (and it's terrifying)
18 hilarious pictures you’ll get if you’ve ever taken an exam
an on-the-ground look at the deadly surge of violence in eastern ukraine
#icymi: why honour killings continue in pakistan despite tough new laws
these are the 10 best fashion moments from beyonce's "b'day anthology video album"
#icymi: top #news stories from the day
this is quite a retreat from hitler-in-waiting:
will global warming lead to the apocalypse?
a giant, nsfw surprise looms in the background of this girl's senior photo
finally, proof that not all cats are jerks.
the cheapest place for a last-minute half-term holiday
five girls were killed for dancing in pakistan. then the story took an even darker twist.
here’s how to make 21 healthy meals for under $50
why it matters to keep the world's oceans pure and clean: #worldoceansday
watch this guy play out the entire 2017 oscars, impressions and all
cargillvoice: how millenials are driving change in the protein industry
sears has a bigger problem than plunging sales — but nobody's talking about it
12 ridiculous things that actually happened on "the bachelor" last night
the 8 best new features apple added to your iphone in ios 10.3
look at this surreal hidden beach
"the man had no #shame, neither the thought of his children when he tried to grab her breasts!" @airindiain
[pounds the floor, cackling]
the nfl is in a lose-lose situation with player protests:
it's actually his friend's take #savedyouaclick
how a 15-minute quiz can give you a scientifically accurate assessment of your personality
one of these things is not like the other
what you need to know about abortions, but were always too afraid to ask
the best dry shampoo for every hair type
hmmmmmmm.
help us map street harassment near you
this school had a cute way of telling students they can wear uniforms for genders they identify with
can't sleep? insomniacs should try this solution, say scientists
21 things you’ll only get if you’re slightly obsessed with true crime
"potentially, this is worse than anything he did in watergate"
put on your party shoes – it’s time for political hedonism | roman krznaric
don't try to repair the samsung galaxy s8 on your own
two-child limit on benefits: are you going to be affected?  #sharestories
avian flu taking a bite out of #mcmuffin availability?
"is there a sign on the white house: 'single people need not apply?'" —@lindseygrahamsc to @katiecouric
retirement mistake many americans make
how to get paid more at work without changing your salary:
how can the warriors even the #nbafinals? by abandoning much of what got them there:
the mother who made the ultimate sacrifice
diplomatic assassinations have a long and tragic history
commentator who cheated death
why many syrians welcomed us strikes on #assad regime targets  #syria
oblivious guys hilariously explained what happens at the gynecologist
it might be time to start worrying about the bank rally
you're only going to pass this quiz if you're over 30
unhappy about your job? fill in these blanks and find your dream career
how fashion is courting the muslim pound
one coyotes fan was not happy the glendale city council ended an arena lease agreement. and she let 'em know. watch:
people are making memes about trump being “person of the year”
so the (basically) official arthur twitter just called out john legend
can you tell which of these meals has the most calories? it's not as clear as you think
everything you need to know about google’s new smartwatches
i tried those backless, strapless instagram bras to see if they actually lift your boobs
analysis: a conspiracy theory-spreading website now has a seat in the white house briefing room
this airline will give you nearly £8000 for bumping you off a flight
this is a terrifying attack on our first amendment tbqh
sasha obama had a pretty good reason for skipping her dad's farewell address
up late waiting for venus and serena to face off in melbourne?here's some good reading material to pass the time:
this is how much caffeine is in your favorite drinks
have you stopped wearing razor back and off shoulder tops because of your #sagging arms? this one's for you
rt @espnnfl: the patriots have released lb brandon spikes. his car was found abandoned sunday morning -&gt; http://t.co
can you name these middle eastern foods?
democrats bet on buyer's remorse in speech response
sky jam
17 tumblr posts with plot twists that will fuck you up
“nothing prompted the assault other than our presence”
rt @yahootv: .@gameofthrones finale: what we expect to see, what we hope to see, and what we won't see:
ingenious hack turns amazon dash button into trump-fighting machine
the only #goldenglobes recap that truly matters: the drunkest celebrities!!!
trevor noah has a theory about why trump won't throw the nationals' opening pitch
1. everyone who doesn't agree with me is a nazi!2. it is a good thing when you hit a naziergo...
27 times tumblr was wholesome and pure
meet chicago’s superhero nurse
5 innovations that could make air travel so much better
photo series documents the life of some of china's "left behind" children
watch latina surprise bffs who lost their parents with sweetest gifts
almost super bowl time. made your pick yet?here's who our experts have:
nobody in my party wants to stop this nosedive!
bring et
here’s the real story about the churchill bust in the oval office
surprise! 19 celebrities you didn't know were twins
a previously unknown parchment of the declaration of independence was found and scholars are scratching their heads
the secret trick that makes your train tickets half price
tina fey hasn't ever been one to mince words.
dude, that was like two months ago.
man filmed his shooting death by sheriff's deputy on facebook live
sapvoice: facebook and uber reveal secrets of digital disruption
smart power.
what to expect from the markets when theresa may triggers the brexit process
a new study has discovered something that makes cockroaches even more indestructible
check out our 2017 investment guide:
who is (and isn't) selling ivanka trump's line?
this grandmother accidentally knitted something very nsfw
modern love: a single woman worked up the courage to sign up for a cuddle party
bmw's new 7 series is the luxury car of the future, here today
this teen brought her stepdad to tears with surprise christmas gift
why the gop and koch brothers are in an “all-out war” over voter data by @jonward11
analysis: trump just broke with two more presidential norms
here's why fish and chips could soon be replaced with squid and chips
schoolboy on work experience discovers planet
four ways technology is transforming the museum experience:
goodbye to teenage kicks: in a ridiculous world, fashion gets serious
100 genius hacks guaranteed to make a parent’s job easier
the 2017 #oscarnoms are here. tune in now to see who made the cut:
a #policeman on duty repeatedly slapped a retired #soldier in a #bank queue!#thisisit #shameful
the most *unexpected* style moments of 2016:
chance the rapper just wants us all to relax and listen to his bath playlist
what % ryan and what % sharpay are you?
more heavy fighting in eastern ukraine
business leaders: keep your eye out for these 10 trends in 2017
october 31 can't come soon enough
seattle jogger shares the 5 self-defense tips she drew on to defeat rapist
where is america's heartland? pick your map.
rt @br_nba: video: the angry cleveland weatherman has returned, this time with a weed-wacker
the 10 trickiest goldman sachs interview questions
these vertical forests could transform brussels' abandoned wasteland into luxury apartments
foot locker responds to allegations of a shady 'royal jordan 1s' release caught on video
are you ready for an entirely new flying experience?
"and they used this kind of street thuggery to stop the exchange of ideas and to prevent those that have merit..."
for this clothing retailer, a future of foreign flair and brexit bother  via @bfly
'overwatch' reveals one of its playable characters is on the autism spectrum
"the powerpuff girls" return is imminent: see the first images here:
13 times amy schumer made us proud to be a woman
why silicon valley is so nervous about h-1b reform:
now that national signing day is over, it's time to break down the 10 biggest takeaways
this tumblr account will nail your personality down in a second
all you valentine's day haters are wrong. there, i've said it.
a pentagon 'lily pad' strategy could increase u.s. troops in iraq:
sebastian gorka likes to be called "dr. gorka." he gets his way only in conservative media.
stay strong.
this nap could reduce the risks of #diabetes, #heartproblems and #depression
the indian women loitering with intent
primary rigger says what?
david tennant lists 6 key things that'll (hopefully) make everything ok
american heroes + goggies + tgif
13 people who had a great 2016 (and who you can actually be happy for)
what is the price of disrupting someone's sleep? apparently, your life!
ufc fighters sage northcutt and max holloway go h.a.m. on houston rockets mascot🎥
12 ways the iphone is about to get so much better @bi_video
5 inconsistencies in 'jurassic world' that will drive scientists crazy @bi_video
man threatens to set himself on fire outside bbc's london office
top duets from real-life couples
a breakdown of the priceless audience reactions to the oscar best picture blunder
waste.
watch this very popular $140 drone being hacked to the ground:
#icymi: top #entertainment news from the day
👌
the forces of evil aren’t taking christmas off, not by a long shot.
24 jokes that are way too real if you have to wear glasses
heartbreaking 911 calls from families killed in texas floods
these 7 fintech companies are helping millennials dominate their finances this year:
meet the billionaire politicians of the u.s.:
women flood twitter with stories of the first time their clothes were sexualized
the 7 best lady gaga songs for karaoke
stay cool.
build your ideal boyfriend and we'll guess your favorite starbucks drink
is president trump eroding america's moral authority in the world?
the son they had assumed dead about 16 years ago came back to them. as a swami. #gujarat #bhuj
journalism.
.@skynews: suspect taken to hospital emergency room surrounded by officers.
if you want to end a relationship, this is how to do it
man buys girlfriend empty box for christmas, and she couldn't be more delighted
just 7 pictures of paul nuttall looking slightly miffed
the economy of both places did not turn #cashless after the #government scrapped higher currency #notes on nov 8
the 10 best things to do this week
5 common things people do on airplanes that annoy flight attendants
rt @buzzfeedfood: these brave people have changed the meaning of bath time forever.
man dies when car plunges from parking garage
why monogamous male couples should stay mindful of hiv
rt @bbclondonnews: woman who received suspended sentence for helping sabrina moss' killer is jailed for 18 months ht
as primark expands in the u.s., here's some bargain shopping advice from london
how the ball brothers came to rule in basketball
to be fair tho, who still reads reviews on netflix's website?
"this role was my way of saying, 'welcome to womanhood!'"
why would a cereal #brand with such lofty values get in bed with partisan political groups?  #dumpkelloggs
these dads dancing ballet with their daughters will steal your heart
legendary astronaut john glenn's inspiring life in photos
this brewery lets its staff go on paw-ternity leave when they get a new dog 🐶 🍺
you sleep better when you’re naked. here’s how it works:
fox instantly regrets trying to pounce on a vole hiding in snow
best photos of the day: slacklining and electioneering
here are all of ed sheeran's videos: vote for your favorite
it's a hard life: readers' pictures of sleeping pets via @guardianwitness
'sahelian nightmare'
saving the easter bunnies of the brecks
did the warriors' official account diss russell westbrook on twitter?
google and uber alums created a doctor’s office that’s like an apple store meets ‘westworld'
"have you committed treason too, just like the president?"
the top 10 universities around the world in each of eight different areas of study
15 mistakes you're making when trying to lose weight
caught tech-handed
donald trump lets bygones be bygones in new year's eve tweet (just kidding!)
good samaritan stops high-speed car chase
an economic surprise index is at a three-year high—why that is a warning sign for stocks
what it's like to be a transgender teacher in trump's america
these smart knobs will prevent a kitchen disaster  via @yahoofinance
this pregnant mom took her love of starbucks to the next level
selena gomez &amp; the weeknd snuggle up in sweet instagram selfie
charisma &gt; joyless scolds.
new 'star wars' title revealed at last
where carl icahn the adviser and carl icahn the investor may meet:
is your local kmart, macy's or sears closing? check out this list
a guy’s crazy local news interview has been turned into the weirdest meme
analysis: trump just promised the biggest tax cut in history. here’s how big it would have to be.
the rich kids of instagram's most outrageous moments of 2016
suntrustvoice: 3 countries to do business in now
19 reasons why morning people are the absolute worst
these are the most sustainable companies in the world:
is this kendall jenner falling on her literal head?
eight billionaires 'as rich as world's poorest half’
this little $200 ai umpire could change the way you play tennis
a parting shot at bitter clingers.
what intelligence agencies concluded about the russian attack on the u.s. election
how do dogs donate blood?
people are very worried by this video of donald trump
new year's resolutions: how to lose the fat and get fit for free #happynewyear
13 classic ’00s songs that were actually meant for other artists
how "survivor" and cbs prepared for the outrage over a transgender contestant's outing
bank branch use falls 6% as customers embrace digital advances
how did a chef surrounded by italian food all day drop 40 pounds in a year?
analysis: president trump’s habitual flip-floppery, in 7 steps
four romantic christmas films that are actually completely unrealistic
good news!
turnabout.
after 30 guests went without #dinner during a #prewedding reception, the bride decided not to #marry him.
see how much you know about the #oscars by taking an interactive video quiz:
second act.
11 things a woman can be that are so much better than "beautiful"
3 ways to protect your 401(k) if trump kills the fiduciary rule
could listening to taylor swift make you immoral?
5 things we hope to see from lorde's "saturday night live" appearance
11 great movies from 2016 that you can stream on netflix (and 1 on hulu)
leading your brain into a crazy pirouette: bridget riley at the de la warr pavilion
9 things from mobile world congress you should be excited about
a times reporter visited mar-a-lago for the first time. she now sees why trump is a “fish out of water” in d.c.
in dramatic testimony, witness describes trooper's dying moments
the sky is actually violet, but here's why it actually appears blue:
visit myanmar’s stunning capital now, while the streets are still empty
pet 'emotion trackers' and intelligent jeans are here. but do we want them?
the irs is stepping up efforts to combat identity theft and refund fraud, but tax filers should remain vigilant
the most famous celebrity pet accounts on instagram
what are the biggest risks the world faces in 2017?
the @hallmarkchannel knows what you want for christmas
sorest of losers.
shocking new details emerge in aaron hernandez's double murder trial.
"suits" actress meghan markle writes revealing essay about being biracial in hollywood:
are you ready for 1st semester college hippie malia?
chris pratt is the last thing we can all agree on
aspartame, artificial food coloring, and other foods that should have warning labels
here’s what therapists want you to know about being politically active
"these games like this come back and bite you, especially down the stretch when you're trying to get some rest."
24-hour work shifts can wreak havoc on the heart
two methods by two blue bloods collide in an epic elite 8 matchup.
these award-winning photos show planet earth in ways you've never seen it
19 things picky eaters can't get away with
can we guess if you’re into butt stuff based on some weird questions?
#womensmarch: what drove people to join protests around the world this weekend?
paycomvoice: 3 finance-technology skills cfos should seek @paycom
the most life-affirming tv episode of the year came from the most unexpected place
everything you need to know about the #sweet16
fed tantrum sets off biggest exodus from emerging markets since 2008 | @ambroseep
what we can learn from north korean military parades
when will you get the #nbn?
sumwun gwumpy
hello mr winemerchant
men: here's how you can clean your sweaty balls, and prevent a smelly scrotum.
trump praises putin: "i always knew he was very smart!"
you don't say.
cancer breakthrough aids one patient, raises hopes for many
want to boycott trump-friendly companies? there's an app for that:
this 4/20, you can catch a buzz with the latest trend: the cannabis cocktail
#knowitall thursday: today's top seven stories
what kind of manager will president donald trump be?
the one thing you should never do to your hair first thing in the morning
the 10 hardest oxbridge degrees to get accepted on
we talked to 5 activists about what books to give out to help stand up for equality in 2017
watch a scary number of adults -- and one really stoned teen -- confuse obamacare &amp; aca
to get brexit through the lords, send in the kamikaze squad, writes philip johnson #premium
new paintings by one of the world's highest-paid living artists
secretary of education betsy devos asks a question -- and twitter goes nuts
tourist who took camera inside north korea is shocked to discover a happy country
looking for a practical car? these are the best ones to get in 2017
23 ways you may have internalized misogyny without even realizing
european debt crisis: it's not just greece that's drowning in debt
how president obama used a eulogy to explain his vision of public service
the families of hostages are told to keep quiet. they shouldn’t. by @adamgoldmanwp
how professor/dad robert kelly realised he'd gone viral. very, very viral
russia domestic violence: one woman's narrow escape
what's the latest with the uncommitted mcdonald's all-americans?here's the scoop:  (insider)
these cities will overthrow silicon valley as the new centers for tech in coming years:
he scored 1600/1600 in #sat &amp; 36/36 in act. he wants to become the finance minister of india someday.
a dresser fell onto a toddler. a nannycam video shows how his twin brother rescued him.
new research shows zombies would end the human race in 100 days
how the kremlin’s disinformation machine is targeting europe
snapchat's most embarrassing 'life fails' that have won over the internet
"galat aur bohot galat mein se chun na ho, toh aap kya chunenge?" #momteaser#mom @sridevibkapoor
shocker:
donald trump and hillary clinton's final campaign spending revealed
move over, riley.stephen curry has found a new postgame press conference star 😬
what’s in and what’s out for retirees in 2017  via @yahoofinance
tips and tricks for how to have an authentic experience on every vacation
finally, a vr chair that won't make you sick
49 bizarre but also very real fears every woman can relate to
the ‘social sickie’ – a sure-fire way to avoid the christmas party
catch up on our best feature stories of 2016
cheers! this is the secret to finding the perfect champagne this christmas
rt @bbcengland: a man whose penis was severed died a year later as the result of what could have been "an erotic game", inquest hears http:
this is gonna piss off the left rullll bad
british singer's open letter about racist incident on a train
this tattooed topless model will become a swedish princess tomorrow
these new office sensors know when you leave your desk
even obama has ditched the cargo shorts — here's why you should, too
the 2017 #oscars by the numbers
hockey, weed and taxes? 11 canadian stereotypes debunked
the secret of how a shark senses its prey
necessity is the mother of invention!
this is what happens when deep frying turkeys goes wrong
this dad's reaction to his daughter's wet pants is priceless.
off the rails
girl who was raped 43,000 times dedicates her life to helping others
"i've played through injuries my whole career. so i deserve to get a game [off] every now and then."
this man helped build the trump meme army — now he wants to reform it
three times north korea nearly provoked the u.s. into war
this group is taking people to church -- to make them more powerful citizens
trump's house freedom caucus tweet draws response from conservative members
your wearable-tracked health data is for sale, according to a new study
14 things successful people do in the first week of a new job
10 rules for looking sharp in a tuxedo
the final four is set.who ya got?
this inkblot test will reveal your true self
how you can cut 600 calories from christmas dinner without ruining the flavour
21 pure, wholesome tweets that will help you through the dark winter
this may just ruin the 'full house' intro for you, forever:
here are all of the performances at the #grammys so far
developers tell facebook: this is how you fight fake news
here's what your social feed could look like if things go wrong in 2017
here's what happens when you hold an exclusive #ama sesh with pm @justintrudeau! hint: awesome stuff
12 things that surprise foreigners when they visit the us
how safe is your dna?
heal thyself: meet the doctors living with the conditions they treat
these are the top #entertainment stories from today
financial spring cleaning: what to keep and what to toss after tax day
chris sale is a great addition for the red sox. there’s just one problem.
the world’s fastest woman
the seven simple money-saving hacks that could save you thousands a year
the ultimate moscow quiz – have you been paying attention?
35 gifts for the wanderlust-obsessed person in your life
all the fiery reactions to that crazy 'game of thrones' twist
critics say donald trump appointees can dodge a huge tax bill. that's not the case.
the curious curse affecting emerging-market currencies in the month of may
humans is returning for more
16 perfect japanese words you need in your life
this woman's story is a lesson in why you should always, always listen to your girlfriend
5 things google's pixel phone can do that the iphone can't
26-year-old 'echo boomers' are running wild in america — here's what they're all about
9 cooking projects that will please a crowd — or just you
where the most attractive people in the us come from, according to dating app hinge
cold war photo sparks amazing coincidence on @reddit.
this group are giving away 4200 joints at trump's inauguration and smoking them
still think @apple devices can't be hacked?
ronaldo hat trick! he scored every goal for portugal today vs armenia. watch all three here:
drunk person confronts mma fighter outside a walmart and the unexpected happens 😳🎥:
tell us how you really feel.
here's how to see every serious global tourist attraction in less than a month
'they escorted me as if i were a terrorist'
bye
these are the ftse 100 companies refusing to be more transparent about the pay of their ceos
five people who waited until their wedding night to have sex describe what it was like
who will design melania trump’s inaugural ball gown?  via @yahoostyle
chris pratt as santa claus is exactly what you need today
rt @chris_rexrode: the other security risk at your bank? it's not just hackers. it's unscrupulous tellers, says @agschneiderman: http://t.c
is this what the iphone 8 will look like?
target sends powerful message with bikini ads  via @yahoostyle
photo of 452 ivf needles celebrates pregnancy
here are the potential sinister motives behind donald trump's voter fraud lie | lawrence douglas
rachel maddow's trump tax report proves a comedy gold mine for late night tv hosts
19 people who probably should've just asked, "do you want to go to prom?"
this story is insane:
britain's eccentric lay-by businesses
here's how far your money will get you in 10 popular vacation destinations
the funniest parenting tweets this week 😂
what an own
julianne hough gets honest about dealing with endometriosis
vicky mcclure and paddy mcguinness among viewers 'heartbroken' by little boy blue
ama from guy who played goofy at disney world will shatter your childhood dreams
how to make sure your charitable giving does the most good:
every parent's worst nightmare.
rt @swerdlick: "area black woman is white" and 13 other #racheldolezal headlines you'll (probably) see today: http:/
want to double your retirement income? the pros follow these 10 steps and you can too
not like he'll have much else to do, career-wise.
princeton cancels men's swim season over "vulgar and offensive" posts:
this ham changes everything you thought you knew about exclusive cured meats
things people do for a good night #sleep!
setting the record straight about iras:
how women reclaimed their place in fashion’s spotlight in 2016
dad of quadruplets gets incredible gift from @iamsteveharvey when wife dies after childbirth
executive pay is getting a closer look from activist investors:
#icymi: when your wife refuses conventional cancer treatment
#icymi: a roundup of top #entertainment stories from the day#thisisit
here's what happened when a french billionaire built a free coding school in california
how big a cash buffer do you need?
would you trust data to pick your next doctor?
30 cities where everyone under 30 wants to live right now
bet you didn’t know mads mikkelsen is fucking amazing at dancing
the carpool karaoke christmas special comes with a glorious festive twist
you may have more retirement income available than you thought
man loses penis to flesh eating superbug
9 people who discovered just how terrible their exes really are
goldman sachs is about to swallow donald trump
these teen investigative journalists did something that caused real change.
7 high-paying jobs for people who hate people
28 kardashian burns we still haven’t recovered from
one in three conservative mps to join anti-eu campaign group
hope for troops as antibiotics show they could be 'exciting new treatment' for ptsd
the u.s. supreme court will take up racial gerrymandering case
trump supporters inadvertently show how easily misinformation spreads online
inside the cult of secret wedding pinterest, where fiancés are optional
um...
watch out, guys, we're dealing with a bad🍑 here
the hunger games-style reality show where 30 people are left in siberian wilderness
wonder why.
here's what makes #trappist1 special
to accept one and to hate the other would be... racist, no?
"we want to make it much easier to do business in america, and that’s what we’re going to do."
nicki minaj and aretha franklin are tied for the most hot 100 songs by a woman
for those thinking otherwise, all's well between #raees @iamsrk and #kaabil @ihrithik
rt @buzzfeedceleb: which #jurassicworld dinosaur are you?
never let go!
here's trump's plan to keep jobs in america
women are turning viral memes into eye makeup and it's hilarious
here's your super bowl cheat sheet
this beauty queen cured her acne with one diet change
could debbie reynolds have died of a broken heart?
after the experts
4 changes shoppers will see as they buy on their phones
are you smart enough to solve this murder?
can the sea help manage mental illness?
right after the birth.
what to expect from president obama's farewell address:
trump has found something mysterious for rudy giuliani to do
why top companies are ditching degree requirements for some jobs  #opinion
warp speed won't get us to the stars, but this just might  via @nbcnewsmach
here come personal income and spending...
new zealand garden gnome thefts 'fund meth trade'
for tv series set in chicago, grim facts collide with fiction
kendrick lamar revealed the title of his new album over a week ago, and you missed it
this is how to make your very own harry potter feast
the d.b. cooper case baffled investigators for decades. now, scientists have a new theory.
cate blanchett shares her secrets on having and keeping great skin
inside the world of competitive sign spinning
8 changes your bedroom needs so you can sleep better
16 bad vagina habits you should ditch asap
a mexican populist rises to face trump’s america
the sweet 16 is almost upon us. who joins lonzo ball on chad ford's list of top nba draft prospects?  (insider)
will people ditch spotify for apple music? @alyssabereznak’s review: #wwdc15
join us tomorrow for an #askforbes chat about the super bowl from 2-3 pm est:
the exact same strategy that made them flip the fr*dge out after obama's first midterm shellacking 😂😂😂
forget wine. china's booze market is all about "liquid cake"
these include suicides, drug overdoses, and alcohol-related deaths such as liver failure.
man surrenders to face charges in j.p. morgan cyberattack
rt @dailymail: was obama smoking at the g-7 summit?
lots to unpack here.
some teens are just saying no to social media
fact check: they rly should
chinese companies' success in reducing debt isn't all it seems  via @bfly
instant karma? a cyclist swore at a motorist, then promptly fell off his bike
this is leading our site now. we wish we didn’t have to write things like this. i’ll leave it at that.  —@lpolgreen
fasten up: readers' photos on the theme of attach
2016's year in review articles are turning out so very, very epic:
fasten your seatbelts. these are the world's longest airline routes
stash some cash -- you're one surprise event away from going broke
rt @dailymail: horrifying moment railing surfing goes so wrong
prison officers acted unlawfully in restraining inmate who later died
this millennial retired in nyc with a net worth of $2.25 million at the age of 28:
based peter.
gay marriage opponents are suddenly all about states’ rights. wonder why.
this... is not your job.
live now:
agatha christie festival to host cookery demonstration with poisonous twist
nice backstabbers finish last.
8-year-old drives younger sister to mcdonald's after craving a burger   #foxnewsus
give yourself a mani and we’ll tell you your age and location
prince george steals the show as royal family leaves christmas day service
everything you need to know about nato - the north atlantic treaty organization:
brutal survival show is trying really hard to be like 'hunger games'
here's the cold @linkedin message that prompted a ceo to give the sender a job:
🚨 scott pruitt's signature looks like it says 'penis' 🚨
centurylinkvoice: the super bowl: a cybersecurity perspective
all the best deals on the internet this weekend
these extraordinary holiday trips will be the highlight of your year:
“people sitting in a room picking stocks, thinking they are smarter than the next guy — that does not work anymore”
he heard that marilyn monroe would be in manhattan filming scenes for her new movie. so he grabbed his camera.
rt @travelmail: the real-life indiana jane will make you soooooooooo jealous of her life
20 holiday makeup looks  via @yahoobeauty
raiders punter marquette king had a savage response to travis kelce stealing his dance.
please, please, please help decide if this monstrosity is a sandwich or not
watch: old man shows off brilliant moves at dutch electronic dance festival
.@realdonaldtrump has fired the first shot
this viral photo of lemons could save your life
what went so horribly wrong with adele's grammy performance last year?
these are the most attractive asian markets right now, according to money managers
missed the most important #news stories from yesterday?read on! #newswrap
this is good
why every millennial should consider funding a roth ira:
sapvoice: one solution that turns shipping delays to your advantage
centurylinkvoice: new year. new you. better it network.
new study casts doubt on theory anne frank was betrayed
17 people who just got expertly burned by a kid
5 trendy ways to get your coffee fix (and what to know about each):
9 tricks for remembering everything you read
£120,000: that's how much a good night's sleep is worth #worldsleepday
19 times mother nature proved to be terrifying in 2016
rt @bbcbusiness: does your home need a thinking lightbulb?
pinball craftsman hits bumpers building a sought-after machine
singer @mariahcarey performed on new year’s rockin’ eve on saturday night and it was not as anyone expected.
tinder reveals the most right-swiped names of 2016
these are the phrases president trump relies on most
watch this taekwondo artist crush 111 blocks with his head in just 35 seconds
baby dressed as a lion meets the real king of the jungle and it's adorable
richard sherman waited 11 months to rip cam newton for something he did last season.
little and late
like, comment, obsess.
26 pictures guaranteed to make you laugh every time
there are 1,012 nutrition bars on the market now, up from just 226 a decade ago:
uber blocks employees from chatting on an anonymous app at work, the app's developer says
russian fighter plane comes within 10 ft of smashing into us air force jet
cargillvoice: 5 things you need to know about food banks
are you actually masturbating like everybody else or not?
thanks, 2016: the world's fastest land animal is even more threatened than we thought
17 people who literally define passive-aggressiveness
'students should mark each other's tests to improve grades', says top school head
a mexican politician just took his protest right through trump’s front door
watch tina fey as felicity jones' only hope in #snl opening monologue
every cfb award but the you-know-what will be handed out tonight (7 et, espn).who should win? who will win?
hey you, start your new year’s resolutions right now
everyone forwarded this viral santa story. but it might not be true.
even credit/debit cards aren't safe #demonetisation
how posh is your fridge? take the 'tatler test' to find out
this new england patriots player is proud to be called a nerd (@readwithmalcolm)
this will prove to you that age is just a number. :d #fitnessmotivation
ghetto talent
alas!
hiring managers are almost always looking for these 5 traits:
you may have seen headline about republicans seeking immediate cuts to social security. here's why it's misleading:
what kind of online porn user are you? take the test that reveals your habit
"...grabbed them and attempted to drag them into a spare room."
a headline so bizarre it could only happen on breitbart 🏂
watch the intense moment an eagle with a gopro camera catches a fox
how to make the most of your sundays:
the world in 2016: how much do you know? – quiz
everything you need to remember about season 2 of ‘orange is the new black’
meet the puppies drafted into this year’s puppy bowl
real talk.
literally just 19 very large cats
they want nothing else.
it's not over.
dividend stocks aren't as great as they used to be
29 beauty products you should try in 2017
these rising architectural stars could change india's skylines forever  via @cnnstyle
“we need to be evaluating how all #american foreign aid is spent,” he said
rt @wsjecon: three economic puzzles are now less puzzling, @greg_ip says
drama!
the case for teaching students emotional skills, not just academic ones #whatsworking
the justin bieber sports curse is definitely real, and it just claimed its latest victim
rio dancer wearing just body paint shows off a bit more than intended on live tv
google on when to purchase flights: "the best time to buy is now"
an error in the sat's instructions spread confusion across testing rooms this weekend
is 2016 the best year for animation ever?
young pretender
a couple in #germany was playing a #sexgame which ended with one of them dying
full text of speech
this classic '80s trend is about to make a huge comeback  via @yahoostyle
this is... unexpected.
the latest uber mess? oh, just 1. their top brass, 2. in a *failed cover-up* 3. involving *escorts* oh yes:
should've put stephanopoulos as reasons 1-6 tbh
a previously unreported video raises new questions about what happened in the hours before michael brown was killed
so very based.
there's an app that could save you from the drama of sneaker release dates
the 20 funniest tweets from women this week
why women marched against a conservative mp as well as donald trump
7 ways lack of sleep affects your brain
after learning she didn't have long to live, she composed a dating profile for the man she'd leave behind
no name drop?
a danish official cuts cake to celebrate an anti-immigration law, but not everyone joins the party
news anchor learns about her husband's death during a live broadcast.
guccifer 2.0 &amp; me
23 fascinating diagrams reveal how to negotiate with people around the world
"at breakfast with his wife in the rural community of yanga moments before the murder"
why bond bears look poised to come out of hibernation (again)
in the search of the dream greenhouse? how instagram has given glasshouses a new life
17 albums we needed the most in 2016
i just noticed this about "easy a" and my mind is blown
how to completely banish stress in just three minutes
intolerant town
icymi: russell westbrook was not a fan of this question.
rt @wsjlife: adventurous father’s day gifts
your daughters may be woke... but are they teen vogue woke?
the polar vortex is back; here's where it'll be coldest
11 of the weirdest foods you should try, according to the internet
top #news stories from today.#thisisit
this 4-year-old made an unlikely friend at the grocery store
the "m'lady" mask slips:
here's what a modern princess can expect to be paid by @disney (hint: it's a lot)
5 shocking revelations from the tennessee teacher criminal complaint
this photo of a group of women sitting on a couch is really freaking people out
"it’s very real, very serious."
cool.
aziz ansari and jimmy fallon dramatically read bad yelp reviews and it's hilarious
no, this was not a knockouthe wasn’t even touched 🙃🎥:
why a hall of fame induction is inevitable for a baseball player synonymous with the steroid era
7 simple (and cheap) ways to upgrade your kitchen via @yahoofood
23 totally random jokes about "friends" you didn’t know you needed in your life
donald trump's first 100 days, in tweets
for more than a year, this woman lived in a $1.2 million home with her sister's corpse
katie piper was burned with acid by her ex-boyfriend. here is her secret to being confident
26 poses every single person will immediately recognize
nobel-winning sexism in the lab via @roomfordebate
the important distinction is that they couldn't even conceive of how it might offend.
how a messy room can ruin your sleep habits
looking for a new role helped this woman realize her salary and career potential:
the best photos from the ncaa tournament so far
this plant is a great way to break up, but don't change your mind before it sprouts!
25 things ’90s kids used to say that today’s youth wouldn’t get
vmwarevoice: how the cloud helped a school district handle a texas-sized growth spurt
civilians trapped in aleppo share emotional goodbye messages
#icymi: how to bluff your way through the new #starwars: rogue one movie
deep.
the strongest (and weakest) american cities  via @yahoofinance
planning for retirement? be sure to prioritize health as early as possible
the money management business could reach 'a turning point' in 2017
apple's tim cook says this technology could have as big an impact as the iphone
quiz: fliers, do you know your rights?
13 volkswagen managers have been indicted by governments around the world
this word test will tell you if you think with your head or your heart
rt @huffpostsports: here's the play that bloodied lebron
10 things we want to see in 'fast 9'
did we just see the biggest #oscars flub ever?
why minivans are the perfect vehicles to usher in the era of self-driving cars:
how much money does it take to make a snapchat founder disappear? well...
ebola is on the rise again, and the world is no better prepared for it than last year
#icymi: where are they now? the women tipped to make it in 'a man's world'
so. much. winning. already!
rachel maddow is the only cable news host to make this list
can star wars: the last jedi rehabilitate yoda?
24 brutally honest confessions from a sex therapist
randy howard, country singer, dies a country song death
woman branded a 'brat' for throwing son out on christmas day
former "brady bunch" star under fire after report of homophobic rant
poor you, with your 8-figure net worth!
chris christie says trump made him order meatloaf at white house dinner  via @nbcnewyork
not a single one of these countries allows religious pluralism under a secular government.
stormzy: gang signs &amp; prayer review – london’s new grime lord
rt @femail: this woman is not happy with everyone calling her a 'human barbie'
our 2017 tax guide is here:
17 things couples in open relationships need you to know
here comes (almost) free money
the beginner's guide to meditation, in case you need it
seven global attractions ruined by tourism
who gets fooled most by phone fraud?
for some china investors, the outlook for bonds is a compelling reason to buy stocks
all three domestic car companies have scheduled down time at some of their factories for as much as three weeks
i actually can't get enough hill dawg
5 things you may not know about retirement [sponsor content]
you heard it first on breitbart dot com
&gt;populist&gt;became a millionaire as a college professorpick one.
prayer row
26 female-fronted bands that rule
it's time to #travel solo! #traveldiaries
20 tweets from cher that will help you remember 2016 in a better light
watch @hardwell honk horn and hit the road for "om telolet om" meme
fed hikes rates, see 3 more rate hikes in 2017  via @yahoofinance
brilliant management advice from google's former ceo on how to build a $300 billion company
are you being held to ransom with an engagement ring?
13 athletes that deserve a raise
9 people pose nude to show what body diversity really looks like
fake news
symbolic strength
reporter instantly regrets attempting to broadcast beside a large puddle
the year in pictures
here's how @potus could make mexico pay for the border wall
the top 50 hospitals that gouge patients the most
oh no
rt @buzzfeeddiy: 5 easy diy tips you need to try:
this presidential election will be decided on a coin toss
these kids toys have very detailed genitalia and people want to know why
police swarm a town in upstate new york in search of the 2 murderers who escaped from a maximum-security prison
how one woman is using tinder to take advantage of men
is @djkhaled cookin' up another banger with @migos, @chancetherapper, and @justinbieber?
kobe is a savage! swaggy p reveals why mamba tossed out a pair of his sneakers
spanish uk resident feared insurance rule would force her to leave
.@gracevanderwaal's 10 best covers
15 ways muslims can take care of themselves right now
ed sheeran announces surprise extra date at the o2 arena
rival airlines jump at the opportunity to mock united
here's what we expect from kendrick's next studio album
21 amazing photos that show what life is like in the coldest inhabited town on earth
27 new songs you need to hear
trolls and triumph
11 reasons why women's football is better than men's
here are the sanctions donald trump could roll back in a deal with russia
this is how sex toys are made, from someone who gets people to test them
here's one sign that abenomics is working
.@kdtrey5 reveals his true height for anyone who has been arguing about this for years.
this will help you save #money! #mustread
missed the most important stories from yesterday? read on!
these are the most polluted cities in the world
how the "cash me ousside" teen defies expectations for white girls
time can't heal wounds of 95yo #japanese war veteran
what was glass-steagall? and why are people talking about bringing it back?
republicans unfazed by controversies surrounding pres. trump's controversial cabinet picks.
graphic: the a-z of tony blair's global business deals
11 things people with motion sickness are sick of hearing
the kemba candidateswhich teams are best positioned for a magical march run?
wat
video: how to spot an american
this little boy accidentally told his mom what every parent needs to hear
don't believe all the bad sh*t people say about diet coke
love letters on the ceiling? a lost movie theater? grand central terminal has these secrets
shots fired:
is this real life?
women with these 20 job titles are the happiest at work:
15 horror stories that prove nurses have the toughest job in the world
what was that mysterious metallic sound in the mariana trench?
physician, heal thyself.
5 ways to steer clear of irs audit traps
oscars 2017: our final awards predictions
virtual reality is bringing these lost worlds back to life  via @nbcnewsmach
flash flood of fruit juice flows into russian town after factory accident:
leading sex blogger reveals the dark side of writing about her experiences
these guys sang mariah carey's christmas smash for a great reason
meet the last rat catcher of #india!
rt @wsjlife: a strategic eating guide to expo milan, the foodie world’s fair
18 reasons why christopher lee was a pretty spectacular human being
a 5-year-old boy left a heartbreaking note for a woman. now she's trying to find him
cnn’s jeffrey lord called trump the mlk of health care. he then had a very long day.
"an unexpectedly beautiful view of fatherhood, from the bathroom floor"
this porn site is rerouting its utah users to online sex-ed resources
rt @seventiescnn: turn the beat around w/ @bourdain, @wolfblitzer &amp; @lisaling's #seventiescnn @spotify playlists htt
unc seeks redemption after last year's loss. gonzaga looks to make school history.everything you need to know:
braces can be beautiful. here’s proof.  via @yahoobeauty
still shopping for gifts? here's the extreme procrastinator’s guide
how to get the benefits of fasting with less deprivation
26 fucking infuriating things that happen in every horror movie
you’re wrong if you don’t think chihuahuas are the best dogs on this good earth
it's scarf weather. learn how to tie one properly
the first photos from the reboot are here.
live now: join us for a chat about the best ways to give back during the holidays
nyc waited 100 years and all it gets is this lousy subway line
only people with amazing vision can correctly match these colors
jimmy kimmel knows who's really replacing bill o'reilly
u.s. health insurers publicly outlined for the first time what the industry wants to stay in the state marketplaces
rt @bbcsport: he led his club &amp; country now sol campbell wants to be mayor of london full story
all the best deals on amazon today
stephen colbert has the perfect "dumbass" answer to kid rock's @badassgrill
this is what happens when the government tries to grow weed. (hint: it ain’t good.)
the teenagers using virtual reality to find solutions to the world's problems #davos2017
the very messy psychology of the awkward personal text
the trudie styler puff piece that doesn’t quite add up
16 incredible reasons to visit oman right now
steve irwin's son robert shows he's a chip off the old block on tonight show
this guy proposed to his high school sweetheart on her last day of chemo
d*ng who /owned/ here?
barack obama: what he would have done differently
how to get free refills at starbucks
20 hit songs that literally sound exactly the same
a new type of cholesterol-lowering drug has been approved by an fda advisory panel.
why 2017 is a pivotal year for k-pop
who do you think will win at wrestlemania 33? check our predictions here:
'shots fired' had everyone talking last night. here's why.
luxury hotels in 20 countries: how tony blair touts for global business
are we heading toward another subprime mortgage crisis?  (via @cnnopinion)
an aviation lawyer successfully sued the airline that bumped him from a flight. here are his tips for passengers
19 random acts of kindness from 2016 that will warm your heart
17 jokes that are as smart as they are funny
why bali is the greatest destination on earth (so says tripadvisor)
your best photographs on the theme of empowerment
.@ihrithik and sussanne khan are just good friends
three multi-million pound uk companies just saw their shares plummet
the map of the world according to where prostitution is legal
wiley – five landmarks in the godfather of grime's career
donald trump took under four hours to prove one of obama's gravest warnings about him right
16 parchment-wrapped dinners for people who hate dishes
no way out of the renting gap
churchgoers left stunned when they open their hymn books to find explicit tupac lyrics
their parents #disappeared at the railway station.#thisisit
why carrie fisher's ashes were carried in prozac-shaped urn
the 20 best christmas movies on @netflix right now 🎄
trevor noah's terrifying vision of what is happening to america after trump's win
the new "beauty and the beast" features disney’s first gay character
these "star wars" locations actually exist and they’re not in a galaxy far, far away
man murders his 3 girls because he didn't want to 'waste money on their upbringing'
this man wore a suit to meet his new nephew because ‘first impressions matter’
some snack bars make steak look cheap
yeahhhhhhhh boi!
inside the secretive $4.5b startup that is changing the world of computing forever:
this pattern test can figure out your relationship status
he was almost killed in afghanistan. now he’s been painted by the president who sent him there.
21 people who have drastically changed in 2016
in the latest airline episode captured on video, a delta pilot can be seen smacking a woman to break up a fight
icy us road pile-up caught on camera
top of the class
the not so average daily commute
this entrepreneur started a travel company that may help you quit your job
the 5 characters who are most likely die in the walking dead season 7 finale
o rly?
drumpfffffff!!!
"la la land" clearly would have been better if ellen starred in it
surely this will
dry cleaners 'gave away' this woman's wedding dress - can you help track it down?
foods that prevent death, disease, and cancer
the hipster is dead. long live the #yuccie. hilarious #mustread
kyrie eleison.
walmart is reportedly about to buy the hottest men's clothing brand
awkward! @potus leaves iraq's prime minister hanging
a teen fired up facebook live from the highway. moments later, everyone in her car was dead.
why another scandal at samsung could be good for the company:
10 simple strategies to help you pay off any kind of debt
ashton kutcher blew a kiss at john mccain and lol what is happening?
keep paying those premiums, america!
the fruits of their noble compassion.
literally hitler dot meme
how diabolical are the teen choice awards? look at what happened with one direction and zayn malik.
doing this turns children into narcissists
ios 9 and os x el capitan: the little features we can't wait to use
how deep does this go 🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺
"wake up, america: not even the sole superpower can always get what it wants in today's world"
the most powerful photos of 2016
'look behind you' - australian teenager snaps a selfie with a shark
7 other times french montana put his foot in his mouth:
rip the notorious b.i.g. 🙏🙏🙏here's our list of his 50 best songs
banter.
gwyneth paltrow’s wellness philosophy, in 10 quotes
of this year's frontmen, we know who's the real mvp:  powered by @newamsterdam vodka
mexican vigilantes amputate suspected thief's hand
why "baby brain" might make you a better mom  via @todayshow
a boy with autism needed a replacement for his beloved sippy cup -- instead he got 1,000
here's how most people have anal sex
"my colleague saw bodies lying on the floor and someone said a policeman has been knived"
oh yes, it's true—lyft definitely stole some of uber's users after #deleteuber. now we know how many
what ‘la la land’ and ‘fifty shades darker’ get wrong about love
station wagons are making a comeback
imagine that.
this dad got his daughter a rainbow umbrella for the most heartfelt reason
39 expensive-ass gifts you wish you could afford
how to achieve the 'oscars look'
technology could redefine doctor-patient relationship | richard vize
23 tweets so relatable you’ll think you wrote them yourself
the best charities to donate to this year
whoa!
it turns out cpr will bring a drowned lizard back to life, too. a couple of times.
23 pictures that will make you squirm and then laugh
why american airstrikes go wrong
even a democratic congressman has to answer for trump
24 perfectly snarky tweets about this week's episode of #thebachelor
is well-done steak a 'crime against beef'? diners who prefer their meat bloodless are used to being shamed
ed sheeran's #shapeofyou &amp; 4 other songs that added writers after release
how to brand yourself to advance your career:
partially clothed buffalo bills player asks cops to shoot him during bizarre incident
everything you need to know ahead of the brit awards 2017
bus driver decked out his bus in christmas decorations. take a look:
believe it or not, this year, the world witnessed the biggest #holi celebration in #utah, #usa. this video has proof
how to sell your home: property stylists reveal cosmetic secrets behind locking a sale
giant whale shark caught on camera by us divers
rt @buzzfeeduk: a parent dressed her cat in this bra top to show her daughter how small it was
this woman nailed a half-court shot and almost missed her boyfriend’s proposal
rt @cnni: complete this sentence: “you know you’re in #jordan when…” #cnnjordan
why every new employee @warbyparker gets kerouac and pretzels as a welcome gift
everything you need to know about how a supreme court nominee gets confirmed:
the worst mistake everybody makes when cooking steak, according to anthony bourdain
dental student pulls out his own wisdom tooth and posts a video online
six takeaways from trump's address to congress
hard times?
the world's first monster truck front flip will leave you grinning like a kid
brave new world.
snoop dogg - the next ceo of twitter? #snoopforceo
stop avoiding gluten. immediately
15 things that'll make your home smell so much cleaner
why you should never ask for a slice of lemon in your drink
the most amazing celebrity biopic transformations  via @yahoocelebrity
7 cocktails to enjoy during the "game of thrones" finale this weekend #gameofthronesfood
how much of a drug is safe for preemies?
why the syrian chemical weapons problem is so hard to solve
in the age of trump, kraft heinz's offer to acquire unilever is much less shocking
what you need to know about tax form due dates—and what to do if yours is late:
so, don't be a cheat. because, science
must-have cooking tools for a health-conscious kitchen
somehow less funny than "keanu"
'healthy' snacks are ruining your teeth
don't miss a minute! #wdym is streaming right here on @twitter
whatsapp just did a u-turn on its biggest change in years
padres fans, you might want to stay away.but everyone else, come on in ...
this is why women in india still don't report sexual assault.
may 2017 could be netflix’s best month yet - a list of what is joining
#shocking student rips out another student's heart!
27 wholesome celeb stories that prove you should meet your idols
fresh arrests in south korean political scandal
thermonuclear take.
on eve of royal ascot, racing world preoccupied with new doping fear
the most unique looks at the #goldenglobes  via @yahoocelebrity
another one down
these are the 25 most powerful passports in the world — the u.s. is tied for third
silicon valley high school could make millions on snap public offering.
meet the #storm chaser following #cyclonedebbie  (pic: paul lyons) #weather
she just can't catch a break.
a record number of poor kids are eating breakfast — thanks to a program many conservatives hate
the curious case of the cat with the overgrown, celestial eyes:
how vine star hayes grier makes his money even after the death of vine
rt @capitalweather: the derecho, from d to o: what washingtonians need to know:
holy sh*t. this guy fought off a cougar to save his dog.
britain's oldest olympian: hitler stopped me getting a medal so i bombed him
flailing.
this man’s heartbreaking tribute to his dog is incredibly moving
european policy makers have four major concerns over trump, writes @simon_nixon
buildings collapsing in snow-covered west
want to double your retirement income? the pros follow these 10 steps, and you can too
23 hilariously genius lies parents actually told their kids
bmx star turns abandoned silverdome into his own decaying playground
this company wants you to bring your dog to work
put down that energy drink! @drsanjaygupta says there are healthier ways to stay energized:
21 theories about jack’s storyline on "this is us”
boom.
these are the 20 best-selling books of the year
"whatever we, as individuals, may feel... the president’s decision was well within the powers of the presidency."
are your instagram habits like everyone else's?
cannabis users are 'four times more likely to suffer a heart attack'
real-life horror at kong: skull island vietnam premiere
a gay student came out to his parents with a brilliant yearbook quote that was almost pulled:
me talk pretty no days
steve carell just trolled 'office' fans hard
dating when you're a big guy with schizophrenia
the best cities for getting a great job this year may surprise you
nfl power rankings: where all 32 teams stand heading into week 16
why the eu’s fuss over trump’s ambassador pick? he’s perfectly cast | simon jenkins
9 artists who reportedly turned down performing at trump's inauguration
5 things to do by new year's eve to lower your tax bill
public internet is supposed to lower prices. in seattle, it could work too well.
.@virendersehwag wishes #rahuldravid a happy birthday in the cheekiest way possible
there are fewer than 100,000 left in the wild and the population dropped by 40 per cent in the past 30 years
plus-size guys tried asos’ new plus-size line for men and totally slayed
can we guess your age by your technology preferences?
harvard law school is making a major change to its admissions policy
the guy who’s followed his girlfriend around the world photographed their wedding perfectly
this happens only in #pakistan!
gap internationalvoice: from vision to results: how to lead growth at your company
this jaw-dropping steph curry highlight was actually an illegal move
can you spot all nine faces hidden in this painting?
these are the fastest ways to make friends, according to one scientist
george takei and half of twitter made the same joke about russia and #oscars night
why this 800-year-old document is vital to american life
who should win the #grammy for album of the year? vote!
what does the google pixel xl offer that the iphone 7 plus can't?
14-year-old stands 7 feet 3 and is so above it all in hoops
interesting.
rt @indyfootball: player ratings: jack wilshere comes of age but phil jones and andros townsend endure a shocker htt
the clock “conveys how close we are to destroying our civilization with #dangerous #technologies of our own making”
airliners of the future may sport some very unusual designs  via @nbcnewsmach
"game of thrones" recap: "the dance of dragons" and a great escape
find out how far you can drive your car on empty
the best christmas movies on netflix
cox businessvoice: 5 considerations before ordering wifi for your business
this is what it’s like to have adhd in your twenties
how dropping acid saved my life
gators mascot made a spectacular play to save an unsuspecting young fan
famous lifetime warranty in question
australian man died after 'courageous leap from cruise ship to save girlfriend'
"i consider myself black," says white woman who posed as an african american
9 at-home remedies that actually work
footage of a woman modelling eye-popping metallic swimwear sparks nudity debate
how to save $100 a month  via @yahoofinance
these #engagement pictures of tiny #puppies are buckets upon buckets of cuteness! #cutenessoverload 🐶🤣😍
what went wrong? inside sunday's raid in yemen by navy seals
which cities have the worst air pollution levels in the world?
this picture of moonlight's jaden piner sums up how we all feel after the oscars
what has turned it into this colour?
jon jones has some advice for ronda rousey.
they made him eat cat litter before killing him — and posted it all on snapchat, police say
the annual @time 100 gala celebrates the 100 most influential people in the world. here's who made the list:
🎻😢
the most popular android apps of all time will shock you (lol, not really)
video: syrian war turns jewel of the ancient world into rubble  via @billneelynbc
should we be allowed to use superannuation on house deposits?
this middle school has adopted gender-neutral uniforms
there's a new and improved version of google earth out, and it's beautiful
new obama/biden memes are here to help you survive inauguration week
how to take advantage of flight delays, by someone who made $11,000 from delta this weekend:
rt @cassandrasweet: high-tech solar projects stumble out of the gate
who should win the #grammy for best tropical latin album? vote!
china rising &amp; downloads falling: 5 takeaways from the ifpi's global music report
next time you take a #selfie with an accident victim, you should be punished!
womp.
it was a sophisticated prank, planned for well over a year and orchestrated to near perfection in the dead of night.
how to boost your social security check by 85%
companies are setting up advisory boards to improve digital savvy
who won what at the grammys
is this a fucking christmas movie or not?
what i’m really thinking: the professor’s wife
the horrifying way some drug addicts are now getting their fix
the hottest new-car lease deals under $200 a month this spring
tv diversity won big at the #goldenglobes
this cat's instagram game will shame the hell out of you.
8 habits that are making millennials stressed &amp; unproductive:
how big is ge capital? it depends
19 things people looked like at the grammys
a man has invented the most ridiculous way for women to deal with their periods
pretty glad we don't measure up to these "values." #dumpkelloggs
expecting a refund? there are smart ways to spend it:
turkey is facing a new political reality
.@greggutfeld: massive bomb sent the 'mother of all messages' to north korea
this absurd forever 21 choker has people over the choker trend
house republicans are having the worst spring break ever
worldstarhiphop founder lee “q” o’denat's cause of death has been revealed.
18 tanning salon horror stories that will make you say "gross"
52 places to go in 2017
16 of the absolute creepiest things to happen in 2016
19 people who got the worst secret santa gifts in history
professor snape is probably still alive and this fan theory proves it
11 things people with motion sickness are sick, tired and nauseated of hearing
literally just 18 really cute and wholesome tumblr posts
[taps fingers together]
"better to die than face a court martial", this was his last words. #indianarmy
here’s every time meryl streep has been up for an oscar
the best countries to visit with cheap currencies:
what will change for your finances in 2017  via @yahoofinance
is global financial giant pwc - the company in charge of the balloting process - to blame for the #oscars mix-up?
here's how the white house staff pranked president obama for the holidays
#nastywoman
ice hockey team forced to apologise for violent mascot after joke fight backfires horribly
making a lateral move could be the best next step in your career. how to make it happen:
how to navigate new airline carry-on rules
wall street is changing how it trades the world's hottest investment product
25 rihanna memes that’ll make you say “me, i am rihanna”
people like her make the world better. hats off to her and her dog for saving lives!#respect #humanity
student creates enormous 'simpsons' portrait on his college's wintry lawn
cinnabon fails the galaxy with terrible tweet about carrie fisher's death
want to quit your job? ask yourself these three questions first:
'the will of the people will stand,' their post read.@womensmarch
the internet reacts predictably to trump's mysterious sweden incident
face transplant recipient overwhelmed by result
the most spoken language in the world is the one plants use to talk to each other
u.k. government loses brexit court fight - but does it matter?
this pose is a fundamental of yoga. here's how to get its full benefits:  via @nbcnewsbetter
rent chickens, sell the eggs. here's the best today from chinese media
leonard fournette is noticeably slimmer than he was at the nfl scouting combine.
russia in colour
the man with the half-metre penis
morning briefing: here's what you need to know to start your day
donald trump’s cabinet picks disagree with the president-elect on some key issues
hottest aussie city had its coldest day and people couldn't handle it
how tolerant.
prince charles tries out a traditional dance in romania
white house defends president trump’s 10 golf outings  via @yahoonews
this dessert quiz will reveal how many grandchildren you’ll have
actor kal penn shares scripts revealing indian stereotypes in hollywood
duggar family scandal: officials called 911 after visiting home
the 12 best video games of 2016
hillary clinton absolutely burns michael flynn with a single tweet
this one-of-a-kind pair of diamond-encrusted sneakers retails for $132,000
these future applications of high-performance computing will make your head spin:
transgender cub scout nails why trump is wrong to remove protections for trans students
he saved his sister's life and became the youngest donor ever!
still a whitewash tho
daylight saving time begins this weekend. here are some tips for surviving the switch:
whoopsie!
the heartwarming moment a sick dad surprises his daughter to walk her down the aisle
9 up-and-coming healthy fast food chains that should scare mcdonald's
rick ross: "for everybody who thought [kanye] was wigging out, he played y'all."
"there is something mystical, magical happening out there in the american public"
23 things you’ll get if you hate men but are also attracted to them
build a bowl of mac ‘n’ cheese and we’ll guess how you like to have sex
rt @buzzfeedceleb: all we can say is, damn, @nicolescherzy!
here's everything we know so far about samsung's new galaxy s8
the history behind the web's longest-running episodic web series:
stocks slip to end the year: here's what you need to know
'vicious, evil': escaped murderers among the worst of the worst at infamous ny lockup.
woman slashed trump sign in florida because it 'ruined her chill,' cops say
im dead
hitler's doped-up soldiers, crocodile-infested waters and a creepy castle - which nazi rumours are true?#premium
malaysia gets tough with china over south china sea "intrusion"
scientists claim breakthrough shows ageing process could be 'reversed'
seven years and £30m later, we finally back our frontline troops #premium
'yes, i was wearing pants.' professor dad breaks silence on viral @bbc vid
can you get 100% on this "parks and rec" character quote quiz?
would you swipe right on these historical hotties?
at last
spectacular natural phenomenons that mother nature destroyed
what pres. trump's proposed rollback on dodd-frank regulations could mean for you
rt @cnnpolitics: the 2016 race in 16 words (via @caseycapachi)
how the bluest state became the reddest
alt-right 'supervillain'
what does the u.s. import from mexico? a whole lot
france is better than britain, but we're scared to admit it by @alexanderproud
this guy's life would improve so much if he lifted some heavy objects periodically
now we know why sasha obama was not at @potus' farewell address
video: little kid breaks his opponents ankles with a nasty crossover #thefuture
these are the world's drunkest countries
italy sex case dropped because woman 'did not scream'
well, well, well...
liberal ladies are more likely to find love.
oh, nostalgia :')
"i was naïve enough to believe i had all the answers. i'm still kicking myself in the butt for that."
this is what #sunilgrover's open letter to #pmmodi read@whosunilgrover
how jeb bush’s campaign ran off course before it even began
there's a message for you mr. @realdonaldtrump
horrifying moment an elderly woman is knocked unconscious when snow falls off a roof
11 of the highest-paying jobs at the best companies in america
here’s the best place to get pie in every state
7 apps to help you get the most out of super bowl sunday
casual reminder: there's no such thing as reverse racism
people are extremely confused by this bbc journalist's hands
.@shawnmendes' 10 best deep cuts
dna proves chicken from these fast-food places isn't all chicken view
homes in these 10 markets are selling like hotcakes
welcome to the hotel with the world's worst view — please be mindful of banksy's million-dollar art on the walls
does anyone think this ham looks kind of blurry?
24 memes that are too good for this world
a video of her overdose went viral; after watching it, she has something to say
this is the best beard style for every face shape
morning briefing: here’s what you need to know to start your day.
donald trump's tweets reimagined as an early '00s emo song
finally.
how to convince someone to give you a job, according to a psychologist
why are heart attacks striking healthy, young women?
feed your kids kale, spinach and red meat if you want them to get top marks
14 things we learned from caitlyn jenner’s ‘20/20’ interview:
it looks like jpmorgan is building a robo adviser
the best and worst of #superbowl commercials: we're grading them as they happen
"i’ve been to the oscars. there was something very special missing, and then to end that way was sad."
kid rock shoots foreign-made grills out of the sky with a shotgun
why the food industry is about a lot more than just food:
why facebook’s latest announcement should excite iphone fans
4 ways the yuccie can find happiness at work:
there was plenty at steak in this swiss meat smuggling case
rt @indyarts: everything you need to know about channel 4's new sci-fi series #humans
despite the negative stigma, payday loans are not much different from credit cards
luxury hotel rooms in portugal are surprisingly cheap - and not everyone's happy
read all the news you missed, right here
"alcohol, pets and meat products are not allowed in the house," an ad reads. "neither are trump supporters."
this #ointb teaser will make your day
who took (and took) the most retaken penalty of all time?  via @guardian_sport
twitter turned an old photo of meryl streep into an incredible meme
14 creative ways to reuse empty wine bottles
a dry cleaner lost this bride's 147-year-old wedding dress, so she asked facebook for help
here's why it's a good time to be elon musk
31 of the most useful things to subscribe to on amazon
trump thinks government is just like business – but he's about to get a big shock
6 business ideas tailored for social impact from the #under30summit
lucasfilm has confirmed whether carrie fisher will appear in star wars 9
top @flickr photos of 2016
10 underrated cities where millennials can actually afford to buy homes
100-year-old woman says the secret to a long life is 'a lot of booze'
white house social media director misused position by going after gop lawmaker, ethics experts say
omg! snowstorm in the dry desert land of the #uae and other parts of the middle east! #shocking
in the past, he has even offered to sponsor the education of the children of 18 martyrs
new app is first-of-its-kind to help breastfeeding moms find, rate and share nursing room locations
former addict's incredible transformation after four years clean
oh.
snakes are having a ball at this #bengaluru #football stadium
16-year-old devises system to save heart attack victims while on work experience
the video, uploaded by association of african students in india, is being shared massively on social media
the strange case of the russian diplomat who got his head smashed in on election day
sounds like a winning argument to me!
how to use ‘now’ to get students to think about the future
13 things carrie fisher said about living with mental illness
intel's anthropologist: the 4 questions everyone with a tech idea should ask
the quest to pull off an alaskan oil miracle
you’ve been storing your groceries wrong! this is where they should really be kept
the $206 phone case kendall jenner, hailey baldwin, and other models are obsessed with  via @yahoostyle
could einstein have been wrong about the speed of light?
i was ghosted 3 times in the last year. here are 6 things i learned. ➡️ by @noahmichelson
49 gross things most girls secretly enjoy
a four-ingredient booze recipe has broken the internet
.@blakeshelton's top 10 funniest tv moments
this high-tech hijab will literally make you cooler
well, then.
this video of a woman talking with her cheating ex has gone viral
out: free speech.in: fake speech!
'homeland' season 6 trailer: art imitating life?
these are the happiest and healthiest cities in america
19 people who are already having a shitty 2017
church's $12,000 fine for helping homeless
why copper prices zigzagged wildly when almost no one was trading
the top books of 2016: the times's critics make their picks
the chris martin tribute to george michael that had everyone in tears at the brits
7 essential apps: 'dots &amp; co.,' facetune 2, triller and more
the secrets behind 'something rotten's' biggest number: #tonyawards
rt @bbcnewsbeat: now you can send us realllyyy lonngg messages on twitter
obama: here's what i miss most about the white house
perspective: i’ve worn ash on my head on espn for 16 years. this year was different.
easter violence? fugitive purportedly writes letter threatening churches
what allegedly happens inside scientology's notorious 'prison camp' called 'the hole'
should australia be burning rubbish for electricity?
king of insults don rickles once gave stephen colbert an incredible compliment.
we're playing '90s movie villain or '90s politician. can you tell the difference? tune: #sxsw #mashhouse
introducing our first-ever tally of america's wealthiest celebrities:
one guardians of the galaxy 2 character is lucky to be in the sequel
7 life-changing things to try in march
19 photographs that prove japan is the most beautiful place on earth right now
video: the @clemsontigers’ "get back" coach hilariously prepares for the upcoming season
that's the running joke among #indian #entrepreneurs
risky behavior declines with age, and gray matter may explain why
this is why everyone has brown eyes, even if they appear blue
lone wolf or soldier of the islamic state?
biggest celebrity feuds of 2016
pretend to buy some jewelery and we'll guess how old you are
would you rather smother these foods with chocolate or peanut butter?
he will never be a contender. step inside the ring with a journeyman boxer
man who received world's first penis transplant to become a father
17 people who are determined to be even gayer in 2017
a youtube chef actually made the m&amp;m-covered spaghetti breakfast from #elf
could it also be time for a fresh wave of rachel dolezals and shaun kings
expert reveals the 5 best recipes to keep you slim and full of energy – and stop you getting 'hangry'
hot new celebrity couples of 2016
1 weird sign that you should be considering retirement
quiz: can you spot the 'fake news' headlines about donald trump?
man who suffers from rare eating disorder swallowed 227 metal objects
animal shelter celebrates their empty kennels with a joyous video
free up iphone space with these hidden tricks:
which languages should children be learning to get ahead?
this man raised over £250,000 to make a nsfw donald trump troll with tiny… hands
larger than life
replacing ✨megyn✨ with a white male 👺👺👺👺👺🎃🕸😤💣
here's what happens when you try to block mark zuckerberg on facebook
how ai could stop those awkward moments when your credit card is mistakenly declined
sure.
literally 100 really funny "game of thrones” memes
he called the police after he dropped off the passengers to report a possible case of #childtrafficking
#wearenotafraid: 45 reasons why we'll always love london
10 things no one tells you before you take up rowing #boatrace2017
is this the 'master switch' that prevents parkinson's disease?
watchdog group’s trump suit hinges on risky legal argument
.@mrsfunnybones saw the silver lining and shared a picture with a positive message
here's how to make the perfect old fashioned cocktail
only the elites can decide what is important for your life!
5 popular myths about visible signs of aging that are bogus
15 notable members of mar-a-lago, trump's 'winter white house' that costs $200,000 to join
patton oswalt had a lot to say about president trump's first #jointaddress speech
are navy fighter jets depriving pilots of oxygen?
google training ad placement computers to be offended
watch an artist carve a hotel suite out of solid ice
democrats will try to block sessions and other trump cabinet appointees, but they won't be able to
asked to say something nice about trump, @berniesanders says he "did something extraordinary." #sanderstownhall
the big dilemma if senators reject tillerson  via @yahoonews
weird and wonderful religious relics
a walking dead actor has spoken out over the primark t-shirt controversy
everything you need to know about the oscars (and some things you don't)
this school bus driver saw a little boy without any gloves and decided to act
that's quite a boast!
this monster machine that splits trees is incredibly satisfying to watch.
young thug's video for "wyclef jean" isn't what you'd expect.
gawker knows this.
you can keep saying it... but nobody's buying this line, bub.
chris pratt handles body shamers in the most chris pratt way
which player has the mlb's most popular jersey?  via @yahoosports
you won't believe why this woman is suing chipotle for over $2 billion:
#icymi: woah! where did that giant sinkhole come from? #sinkholes explained
opinion: "the new celebrity apprentice" is missing something — and it isn’t just trump
vin diesel has finally commented on his ‘feud' with fast &amp; furious co-star dwayne johnson
19 random acts of kindness from 2016 that will restore your faith in humanity
sub-freezing lows will put blossoms at risk this weekend. here’s how to protect them.
behind technologies that empower people and the passions they ignite
victory all that matters - hodgson
wat.
congratulations on the first semi-based thing you've ever done in your life, paul.
once flush with ‘oil money,’ workers lose jobs -- and hope – after prices fall.
place of refuge
it's still early, but quiet changes are happening in the big leagues.
will un's sudden tweak to whistleblower policy fend off defunding?   via @georgerussell
how the ‘perfect body’ for men has changed over the last 150 years.
bird attempts to woo mate with a love heart, gets a nasty surprise
want to land a great job? work at jd sports, private school pupils told
the last time tim duncan, dwyane wade or kobe weren't in the finals...the world was different:
who are the names moving the needle of canada's style landscape?  presented by @mooseknuckles
german supermarket known for creating viral ads has a new commercial all about losing weight
pilgrims following in jesus' footsteps could be taking the wrong path
do you eat these things in one or two bites?
charles barkley has an, um, interesting take on the golden state warriors
bloodbath.
um, false, especially since you put him over 300 evs:
some of the biggest social moments of 2016 happened on twitter, but who tweeted it? quiz:
what will the trump administration push for in the first 100 days?
champagne and guy fawkes masks: an inauguration party for donald trump in russia
23 questions you probably have for lesbian movies
[tap tap tap] no, you're in a bubble!
why uk surgeon cannot forget this girl
why yahoo is changing its name
before you click "buy" on amazon, learn how to avoid fake reviews and phony products
why are people so bothered by a colorful photo of 5 black women?
in 1 facebook post, 3 misleading statements by president trump about his immigration order
must-have 'fatbit' fitness gadgets can exaggerate your step count by 25% every day
secondhand shop finds donor who left heartwarming note on vintage wedding dress
a "firefly" reboot could happen if one person is on board
the next facebook? wall street sizes up snap’s ipo
#terrygou, a no-nonsense businessman, gave a fitting reply to @realdonaldtrump#thisisit
are you a young person thinking of entering politics?
animated map reveals the most popular pizza chains in every state
bad (or sick) guy!
why schools should teach maths in the morning
the man is trying to shut down the cannabis cup.
idle hands...
did donald trump piss off two of our biggest allies?
a relationship expert reveals how to keep the spark in a long-term relationship
just some straight-down-the-middle, non-partisan, objective news from ap's middle east editor dan perry:
a young boy, a devastating brain tumor and parents who "will do anything"
rt @mattbai: smart @lizcgoodwin piece on presidents and military service. via @yahoopolitics
the parody accounts that make twitter bearable in the era of trump
14 of the grossest, cringiest, and most embarrassing gym fails
soda’s new enemy is san francisco
what is drake’s more life: a mixtape, an album or a playlist?
rt @nbcinvestigates: why is fifa making female soccer players play world cup games on turf? @albamonica reports http
the 26 clichés of a middle-class christmas
newspapers, money and fbi badges
here are some practical ways you can help the people of aleppo right now
here's what 25 of the smartest people say about climate change #climate25 via @weatherchannel
a new planet, the same size as jupiter, has been discovered by 15-year-old intern:
what happens when narcissists become parents
35 things that were cool in 2007, but definitely aren’t in 2017
the world's 20 best beaches
how much of a drug is safe for premies? many drugs have never been fully tested for infants.
inside selena gomez's $10 million comeback
100 hilarious tweets that basically sum up having kids
drake finally dropped his new album and people are shook
rick and morty: how the world's most ingenious animation punk'd its fans
president barack obama's evolution in 10 years of hip-hop lyrics
business insider’s 2016 car of the year: the 15 finalists
"i’d never heard of this condition until the terrible joint pain set in."
this deleted scene from #dearzindagi will tell you why closures are important in life
the american diet hasn’t changed in years — except for this one thing
thing is, all of these programs will cut themselves off 100% if we just "leave them alone."
more leaks have confirmed specs and price of the two #android smartphones@nokia #thisisus
woman snapping selfies on california's highest bridge falls 60 feet
a consequence president trump probably didn’t foresee from his travel ban? helping a muslim american win an oscar
he became an internet sensation by making dozens of heart-stopping leaps into water. one jump changed everything.
a collection of ceo travis kalnick's most cringeworthy quotes about uber's sexist work culture
can you recognize these foods in foreign languages?
27 drinking memes you need to send to your school friends
here come the fed minutes...
rt @nytsports: golden state warriors get mad and pull even with cleveland cavaliers
16 foods who are feeling a little lost right now
23 photos of golden retriever puppies that’ll warm even the most cynical of hearts
the religious group least likely to support gay marriage is now fighting over its future
little girl photobombed by huge venomous snake
competition.
riding high
this is the first case where an arrest has been made in connection with technical assistance being offered to #isis
test your knowledge of iconic film roles that nearly went to different actors #oscars
the #journalist, reportedly, even shared details including those of contacts who helped her enter the #cantonment
this man went abroad and brought back a disease doctors had never seen
this corgi went to a museum for his third birthday and he looked very happy
this moving ad for "rogue one" has people in tears
this kid's pool party is sick af
can we guess how many people you bonked in 2016?
the best tv and film easter eggs of the year
trump's closest advisor thinks there will be a war with china in a few years
did you see 'jurassic world' this weekend? here's what the critics are saying.
don't forget about dray.
chinese man miraculously survives being impaled by pole in car crash
as a base jumper leaped, his girlfriend snapped photos. then came confusion, hope and despair
the search for the castor original led to a surprising source on 'orphan black.'
the future of fast food has arrived and it's a one-of-a-kind experience
can you pass this challenging timed food quiz?
lady gaga's 7 best black &amp; white couture looks
is south africa heading for civil war?
trump: 'if something happens blame' the judge
where apple ranks in warren buffett's porfolio:
watch: guy gets nailed in the throat with a pigeon while riding a roller coaster
this is how @imvkohli won #michaelclarke's heart by attending #philhughes' funeral
iran wields growing influence in unexpected places
there are scarier things at the beach than shark attacks, writes brendan mcaloon (pic: aap)
19 times kris jenner savagely roasted the hell out of her family
this is the world's most beautiful tiny house
rt @bbcscotlandnews: man who tried to pass on cocaine hidden in 2 kinder eggs to prisoners is jailed for 18 months h
ascap &amp; radio music license committee's 5-year pact doesn't address the elephant in the room
what to do when you're so overwhelmed by the trump presidency you can barely move
if you have a bad boss you'll become a bad boss ...
17 times americans went too hard on valentine’s day
6 usb-c accessories that'll let your new macbook actually connect to stuff:
if you have dark circles around your eyes it could be a sign of something more serious
his nyc condo has 2 waterfalls that feed a long koi pond. what he wanted to do next door, however, is another story
wow, instagram has a lot of followers.
fury as men throw a cat into a crocodile-infested pond
"why have a problem with steve harvey?"
bionic legs and smart slacks: exoskeletons that could enhance us all
best photos of the day: a tokyo ride and a vatican portrait
valentine's day is a busy time for private eyes - but not for the reason you think
donald trump thinks he can endure more controversy and pain than you
what does 2017 have in store for space travel under trump?
donald trump references "nazi germany" in tweet about intelligence agencies.
'we're not just eye candy': meet the female wwe wrestlers who are changing the game
facebook live attack: four chicago accused denied bail
america's police are embracing drones... could they soon be armed?
this guy had a bob ross birthday party and people are inspired
was einstein really a sex-crazed love rat and plagiarist? #premium
just how creepy will "nashville" get with this new stalker story line?
should hollywood be afraid of the on-rushing march of netflix?
megyn kelly is now one of the highest-paid hosts on tv — here's where her salary ranks
govt bans @bbc for 5 years from all national parks!
thx 4 clearing that up 4 us
tesla just took a huge step toward making its mass market car
why more women are going 'wild' and seeking out adventure sponsored by @cvs_extra
the seven surprising things guests notice when they visit your house
the new macbook keyboard is unbelievably nice to use
ok, calling it: this little boy stars in 2016's most heartwarming christmas video
they don't call him the truth for nothing.
how the dinosaurs really died out
how this trader lost $50 million
irs phone scammers are getting more sophisticated
how the 20,699-word itunes t&amp;cs became this year's hottest graphic novel
pippa and the party to end all parties
20 breakout movie stars of 2016
11 #valentinesday cards to help you say "bae mine"
hello ... again
20 gifts for people who love the internet more than real life
high heels row: government response 'a cop-out', says worker
check out these great moments in roomfuls of men legislating women's bodies
9 apocalyptic movies to get you in the mood for 'logan'
what do you think apple will announce at #wwdc15? here’s what we’re expecting
19 cleaning tips for the neglected corners in your home
the “fasting-mimicking" diet: get the benefits of fasting with less deprivation
these are the 5 u.s. banks that draw the most customer complaints:
analysis: what trump’s whiter, less academic cabinet says about race and class in america
we’ve highlighted the 7 big changes republicans have made to their healthcare plan
can you brainwash yourself using your sense of smell?
huh.
this cool device can pull water out of thin air. here's how:
nutella 'could cause cancer'. here's what you need to know
19 couples in 2016 who perfectly nailed this whole relationship thing
here are the five factors that will determine the outcome of the super bowl  #superbowl
these are 7 guilt-free purchases for your home that are definitely worth the extra cost
"like for sure"
why should there be any controversy? it's in the koran, you kuffar.
how an american tech icon bet on nuclear ...and lost its way
#icymi: meet the women who don't want to become mums
prince harry tries the old 'shoulder tap' prank on a schoolboy - and fails spectacularly
we're about to find out just how much girls run the world
what to do if you can’t pay your tax bill in full
strangers living "literally around the corner" from each other discover they're sisters
about new york: a court keeps people out of rikers while remaining tough
this photographer uses a thermographic camera to capture a new view of the refugee crisis
people are dumping shared bikes in horrible piles
7 times jennifer aniston stood up for all women
17 hilarious tumblr posts for everyone who is so done with school
30 years later, the creepy max headroom broadcast interruption remains unsolved
here's a workplace danger that safety trainings don't cover
17 truths only people who adore wine could possibly understand
locals praise 'hilarious' police facebook appeal over man 'avoiding our calls'
camera catches 2-year-old twins having epic party after bedtime
rt @bbcsport: a "cloud of smoke" and an air ambulance - #isleofmantt senior race red-flagged full story http://t.c
this intelligent oven might be a better cook than you
find your library cards —kim kardashian and chrissy teigen just started a book club
#icymi: 'the smell of death was everywhere': inside the world's most dangerous mines
this girl’s fish pulled a “finding nemo” move on her and everyone is screaming
long-held view free trade boosts jobs and growth "is losing its political punch."
woo-hoo, bank error in your favor! but, can you keep the cash?
tonight's the nighthere's 7 things we want to hear on @jcolenc's '4 your eyez only':
more states ticketing drivers for going too slow
these guys went into the deep woods to find bigfoot
what does #australia's #solar #energy future look like?
online video now accounts for 50% of all mobile traffic. is your business prepared?
lady gaga shows companies how to make a comeback
how alice's 'resident evil' homecoming will change everything.  #ad
this is not a drill: you can now intern for barack and michelle obama.
baseball is full of urban legends.the newest rumor? that a yankees prospect asked to wear mickey mantle's number:
fans predict what will happen on season 7 of #gameofthrones
how can you observe ramadan when the sun never goes down?
the man who has president trump's ear
how normal is your morning routine?
can't fraud the mossad!
this one is for you, mary-kate and ashley fans
the panthers? the broncos? another team? which nfl team had the most disappointing season? vote:
do you remember the characters in “zootopia”?
the curious cases and unsolved #mysteries that perplexed us in #2016
will the house vote soon on the gop's health care bill? here's what to watch for
pizza dipped in milk is a crime against pizza, humanity
sub-prime cars: are car loans driving us towards the next financial crash?
job seekers who get hired differ from those who do not by having these 5 traits
31 photos that’ll make every nurse laugh out loud
here’s what metro’s inauguration day and women’s march ridership numbers really mean
tesla just began rolling out its new autopilot — here's what you need to know
mcdonald's plans to give consumers a break from frozen meat
moment woman is struck by lightning on beach in brazil
this suffering wouldn't be funny if it weren't self-inflicted.
the biggest person on youtube announced he was deleting his account. youtube got in touch
this map reveals the most popular sex toy in each state
the secrets behind russ’ extreme physique #brmag
who in new zealand will match john key's personal appeal?
horrifying video shows teen jumping to his death in snapchat stunt gone wrong
*only* five?
rt @bbcouch: how the computer game minecraft can help people with autism
it's official: millennials are reckless drivers
these are the worst airports in america
what you can learn about finding your calling from megyn kelly's career:
#icymi: top #news stories from the day thaat was
michelle and barack obama are proving that yes, retirement really is the best thing
how many times does he have to do that before you get the message?
what is the most extravagant wedding you have attended?
fifth-grader asks police for help with math homework, and this was their response
get a load of this ｗｉｎｎｉｎｇ  ｍｅｓｓａｇｅ right here:
hint: it's not the cubs.see who our experts have winning it all this mlb season:
canadiens defenseman @pksubban1 made this young fan's day in a street hockey surprise. watch:
got the munchies? these are the best late-night snacks around the world
26 pictures that will inspire your wanderlust in 2017
want to shield your tech products from the cia's hacking tools? here are some tips.
unintended_consequences.jpg+buried_lede.jpg
teenagers who smoke cannabis damage their brains for life
someone's writing checks they can't cash  via @bfly
#driverless trucks threaten jobs in 'trumpland'
recuse me?
the boys last words were: “santa, can you help me?”
women: have you experienced a workplace problem?
what happens when you don't shave for a whole year? natural beauty, explains this blogger 🙌
6 celebrities who have embraced donald trump as our president
he's the second-oldest world champion in wwe history:
youtube corrected the mistake
this is what it’s like to work at lisa vanderpump’s restaurant
james baldwin’s archive, long hidden, comes (mostly) into view
how #coachella gained lady gaga after losing beyonce
confessions of a weather-beaten helicopter mom
the foods you should never put in the freezer
'they're sold like shoes': #cambodia's building boom built on slave labour, report says
21 coffee hacks to step your game up
trump: 'i'm only worried he's gonna give me a kiss'
these are the best and worst us cities to retire in: - @skimm
people have a lot of feelings about kellyanne conway’s inauguration outfit
7 electric scooters that will change the way you commute
#icymi: the social media problems gripping our girls
santas have a secret online world
rt @foxnewstravel: think you can't swing planning a family reunion trip? here's how to do it. | @takingthekids htt
💅
33 of the most annoying rom-com moments of all time
donald trump "has no idea how much he is being manipulated into helping iran and isis"   via @nytopinion
"the democrats seem to have successfully used this stupid silly threat of a government shutdown to get their way."
get ready for a bond meltdown:
they were hoping to get to the us -- and then trump banned them
5 gutsy highlights from carrie fisher's one-woman show
2 ways to be happier today
why it's so important to teach your kids financial basics early on:
those "real people" in car commercials are either really fake or not terribly bright
the stunning fall of aaron hernandez
smog of war
what are the top-selling holiday songs?
why do people choke under pressure? psychology professor sian beilock uncovers the science
lol at this venture capitalist, accusing a reporter of a $4m conspiracy, to take down the startup he invested in:
here's what happens to pro-athletes after they retire...
how gigi hadid deals with the internet's body-shaming trolls:
lol, yes, the game of thrones showrunners hated hbo's stupid ice-melting stunt as much as you did
american airlines unveils a cheaper ticket with a big catch
16 kids who will remind you to sleep with one eye open
the adorable march madness good luck charm that's probably the only good reason to root for usc
who divorced, who married and who took a gay lover? #loveactually: what happened next, according to fan fiction
the fashion industry really wants you to wear pajamas on the street. don’t do it!
here's what happened when a chinese company took over a closed gm plant
british woman, 22, forgoes heart, lung transplants to finish bucket list.
want to live longer? avoid having sex
inside the hidden world of indonesia's transgender women
the biggest threat to your waistline this january? your juicer!
ocean thrill
is justin trudeau the anti-trump?
teen who crashed into bmw finds out why honesty is the best policy
best year ever.
here's a plan to cut india's bad debts and rein in corporate titans  via @bfly
apps that make it easy and quick to create photo collages
brothers jailed for trafficking people from poland to work at sports direct
alas.
man of the people... well, people who have lots of money and fame.
dude.
mars? forget about mars. these upcoming moon missions are so, so much cooler
how this cell phone repair service grew from the founder's bedroom to 262 stores:
why you should never skip breakfast to make up for last night's indulgence
here's how much extra beer and pizza you consume during #marchmadness
nepal transgender model dazzles india
ikea wants to put your whole house online. but for goodness' sake why?
how russia and turkey brokered peace in syria — and sidelined the us
19 things that make traveling alone a lot less stressful
nfl teams are excited about t.j.’s raw athleticism, and it’s easy to see why
he cheated. now his ex-girlfriend has some heartbreaking questions
here are the perfect male and female bodies, according to men and women
revealed in the @telegraph: the mystery of the sherlock baby name
prison break by convicted murderers draws comparisons to 'shawshank' - (corrects: murderers)
.@sherryontopp joins @incindia. welcomed by @officeofrg
carlos in danger.
here is everything you need to know about #dragonballsuper:
90-year-old man writes tips to combat loneliness after losing his wife and sister
father of the bride
move over bb guns and videogames. christmas morning may have a new menace.
chris pratt "officially" weighs in on that "jurassic world" theory
rt @buzzfeedbooks: 53 of the best opening lines in literature:
these might be the two worst high dives you will ever see. watch:
man beaten with #cricket bails! wait... how do you even? #demonetisation
if you’ve ever used google docs for anything important, you should know about this
your birth month may predict your risk for certain diseases.
hilarious photos from around the world capture people in very puzzling scenarios
how to raise your profile at work - without boasting
rt @katdowns: is lebron james’s nba finals performance the best ever? not yet. cc @postgraphics
this was no ordinary flower pot holding up the tulips in an english garden
the bentley flying spur or the rolls-royce ghost... which fantasy car is for you?
why did wa police leave a traumatised aboriginal family stranded? @radionational
hey nyc, we're hosting a #mashmeet at the new york aquarium this saturday. see you there?
video shows a beauty store manager pinning a customer accused of shoplifting
10 books to read before you see the movies this summer
how to know which tax bracket you're in:
42 slightly gross things all female best friends have secretly done
this hole is also known as the ear #pit and connects the ear to the #sinuses inside#thisisit @healthmeup
no way! he delivers important takes that will surely turn the average american against nationalism and populism:
time to start doing your homework:
laila @sunnyleone was in awe of @iamsrk
how accurate were your predictions for #westworldfinale? here's what twitter had to say.
fact check: d*nged right.
correct.
24 unprofessional habits that could cost you a job
14 ways to become a charismatic leader
this a capella cover of the "jurassic park" theme song is dino-mite
rt @yahootv: we ranked @gameofthrones' penultimate episodes. (sorry, red wedding fans.)
in pakistan, five girls were killed for having fun. then the story took an even darker twist
prepare to have your inbox carpet bombed
and 2016's most depressing meme is...
what economics has to say about housing bubbles
piece of cake – we escaped corporate life to launch a fintech app
if trump wants pipes built in america, what does that mean?
how to score some of the best #superbowl deals on tvs, pizza, and more
uh oh.
provocative new study from columbia univ. claims link between birth month and risk of disease:
this is going to be harder than donald trump expected
pakistan defence minister @khawajamasif is rather #triggerhappy
how to become a "superager"  via @nytopinion
airfare to these destinations could drop in time for spring break
here comes cpi...
20 rising web development and design blogs to follow next year:
20 best k-pop songs of 2016: #criticspicks
trump’s false autism claims could have serious consequences for people with the condition
here are 3 ways the euro could break up - and 3 ways it could be saved
drone captures mysterious crop circles in russia
citi: these '12 charts of christmas' tell us a lot about what to expect in 2017
large asteroid is heading for earth fly-by
here’s what executives are saying to shareholders about american jobs
the most common kitchen mistakes revealed... so how many are you making?
this is how democrats plan to approach trump's cabinet picks
the surprising secret behind costco's majorly popular golf ball line:
jeremy corbyn is suddenly the fastest gun in the west, but he's firing at all the wrong targets
'cold and beautiful'
.@salliekrawcheck offers her advice on what women can do to succeed
re: what will happen in the post-nuclear wasteland on capitol hill?
rt @brianross: green beret whistleblower: "the hostage recovery effort was broken." - more on @wntonight - http://t.
here's the reason united airlines can kick you off your flight
the 10 hottest housing markets for 2017
video: @yankees’ mason williams hits a monster home run for his first career hit #whatastart
these guys hunt for space rocks, and sell them for enormous profit to collectors
video: backflip catch attempt off a rooftop goes horribly wrong
so don't harbor criminals.
all the big winners from the 2017 grammy awards
the irony meter keeps expanding its upper limit
this child used her sleeping mother's fingerprint to buy $250 worth of pokemon gear.
clinic leaves several women blind, doctors say
how an entrepreneur stopped chasing every new idea so he could focus on one big goal
this country just made ever citizen an organ donor, unless they opt out
winning hearts and minds.
trump says happy new year in the most trump way
the definitive ranking of the best '90s comedies
icymi: the nfl mvp race is wiiiide open.but a certain west coast qb is making a strong case at no. 1:
a behaviourist's guide to new year's resolutions  #nye
mulder &amp; scully might be kissing in the first "x-files" set photos
this is what it looks like when the us fires a nuclear missile
this african country is paying people $5 for 175,000,000,000,000,000 of their dollars
"you have to understand how important this moment of your history is."
why are tv baddies always weird white men?#premium
rt @espnnba: and the @warriors have taken the floor. #nbafinals
why your phone's battery life gets shorter over time
11 heartwarming and hilarious stories about lgbt parents coming out to their kids
hot 100 chart moves: katy perry, james arthur &amp; lorde hit new heights
deep thoughts with mika br🅱e🅱inski
🆘🆘 men are injecting their balls with botox in disturbing new trend 🆘🆘
how this personal branding expert built an audience of millions from the ground up:
there's a reason we have hair... down there!@healthmeup #healthmeup #thisisit
end of an era for the clippers? keeping lowry in the 6?top 50 nba free agents this summer
he won't be able to play with his dad again. :( #terroristattack #jammuandkashmir #satishdahiya
mariah carey’s new website launches today and we have the exclusive first preview
world landmarks recreated with lego
4 things that you're probably doing wrong with your swimsuit
this quiz will reveal your relationship status at the end of 2017
google just uncovered the most dangerous android malware ever seen
these 6 systems will get rid of wi-fi dead spots in your house
the greatest reporter of our time, and why we should never forget him
snowy hill proves to be every car's worst nightmare
you won't believe who trump dressed as for 'superhero' costume party
cartoon rage
how victoria's secret angels unwind after the show  #vsfashionshow
here's what it's like to interview for the cia, from people who have done it
this transcript of donald trump's victory rally should terrify anyone with a reading age over 12
why investors should consider investing in water:
how to make your partner appreciate you more
all for the love of #swachhbharat. @narendramodi
here comes the bank of canada ...
u.s. cities are using this crazy device that blocks drivers' vision
19 weird af tumblr questions that actually kinda make sense
here’s what to include on your resume and what you can leave out:
snowed in? here's what to watch today.  via @watching
this is what coastal elites actually believe
proof parents do have a sense of humour
"sassy and also substantial": how merriam-webster stays relevant in national conversations
18 uplifting documentaries guaranteed to put a smile on your face
not even maggie
15 best children's books of all time #picbookday
why arsenal need zlatan ibrahimovic
moroccan town where three thousand people earn money as sex scammers
the top 10 💸 grossing 💸 actors of the year
18 face swaps that are as hilariously awful as 2016
whuh oh.
here's how your home wi-fi is going to get a lot better
9 very gross food choices you need to make
these roles pay more than $100k—and are at the best places to work in 2017:
it may take 4 more months to get enough #currency to the banks.#thisisit
3 questions you should ask before quitting your job:
how much product is in your product? not as much as you think:
this is why that character had to die on game of thrones *spoilers*
please choose ellison.
the 23 best colleges in the northeast
indian army cancels recruitment exams after 'leak'
'walk of shame'
the love witch and witchcraft's appeal in the era of trump
training your brain so that you don’t need reading glasses
only a geography genius will get 50/50 on this state capitals quiz
when is it ok to cry at work?
terror threat
think again before you post those pics of your kids on social media
people are totally obsessed with this dad sending his family weird photos of his huge cube
thought crime:
what an airline gate agent can (and can’t) do for you:
this dad had the sweetest response when his daughter asked for a pride flag for christmas
it took exactly 15 minutes for this female politician to be asked why she’s childless
apple said to be secretly working on diabetes "holy grail"
this is the biggest amount granted to a draw participant since the inception of the #raffle bonanza. #lottery #uae
will dishonesty and misinformation be the end of cleantech?
"the fascist left has been empowered"
surprise: robots aren’t replacing humans in key areas of manufacturing
blind date: ‘she definitely thinks i’m a witty guy’
ottessa moshfegh's stories of selfish people doing foul things are must-reads
renters outnumber owners in half of u.s. cities
us truck driver 'loses his marbles' on indiana highway
have uniform, will travel
google's next project: fixing congested cities.
google's latest project: improving city life
dbs bankvoice: how to live luxe for less
rt @nytmetro: “the last time i called the cops, someone got choked to death.”
why sri lanka will sell 80% stake in strategically placed harbor to china.
who is donald mcgahn?
left-wing hate comes at you fast.
here are 20 #bollywood celebs who received death threats
these ridiculous billboards reminded great depression americans how lucky they were
the best cookbooks and kitchen tools 2016 | cook shelf of fame
joe thomas took to twitter to troll united airlines over controversial video
23 thoughts we had while watching "yuri!!! on ice" for the first time
pick a ’00s outfit and we’ll reveal your age and location
a ladder. some sharp scissors. a basketball net. what could go wrong?
u.s. consumers say they’re confident, but their driving says otherwise—heard on the street
"for the things that happened in north carolina, it's abysmal."
51 pictures that are guaranteed to make every teacher laugh
these 40 cars prove geneva is the best auto show in the world
here's why tensions are flaring over gibraltar
5 incredible italian dishes you haven't tried before
oooooh
the surprising origins of your f*cking favorite swear words
staggering likely cost of trump's border wall
bill gates: pathogen could kill 30m in a year
the best way to get rid of germs when washing your hands